Do you ever just ... need to go grocery shopping but it’s just too much
My gut instinct (and it's no more than that) suggests we'll really start feeling Brexit end of January 2021 and into February. Up until then, stockpiles will keep shelves relatively full, even if behind the scenes retailers are screaming their lungs out about empty channels.
Britons told not to stockpile food ahead of January
Enervated by the news sites trying to promote "panic b*ying" narrative this morning. I live in East London. I went to my local supermarket to get Christmas dinner stuff. No panic buying. We have to stop expecting the worst of each other.
Just ducked to the supermarket. (SE London). Busy but no signs of panic-buying.
Just been food shopping to Tesco’s and Lidl’s and can truthfully say I’ve never ever seen the shelves, fruit and veg, so stocked 2 days before Xmas. People are normally fighting over sprouts on the 22nd, there was enough there to feed an army!!No panic buying in this area
We understand that you may be feeling anxious about #lockdown2uk, however #panicbuying can prevent older people from accessing certain products, as well as exacerbate their fears. Please do not panic. Only buy necessities.  Be mindful of those more vulnerable.
I’ve done several shops in @Tesco and @Morrisons today for some vulnerable people on my patch.Nowhere are there any shortages. Please don’t listen to the #panicbuying idiots. You’ll only create the very problem we’re trying to avoid.This is Morrison’s at 1.30pm...
I'm in tesco..No queue outside the door.. Shelves all full. Plenty of offers on.. And did not stand long in the queue at the checkout either..No empty shelves.. Just thought I'd share this.. I've seen quite a few photos showing empty shelves fiasco again.. #Northeast
Asked a variant of this question yesterday morning, and got some superb answers. (Thanks!)Let's see how things went today...If you went to a supermarket *this afternoon or evening* how did you find the experience? Any issues? Notice any shortages?No sensationalism, please.
Can somebody explain why people in the UK are panic buying again? You know the supermarkets aren’t closing... right? Stupid people, everywhere.
Hard to believe people in #London are still being this stupid. STOP. PANIC. BUYING. NOW. #Planks #coronavirus @Tesco
BBC still spouting lies about a shortage of vegetables...... there is not one!!!!!!
Dear people of the U.K. IF the PM declares a #nationallockdown tonight when he address the nation at 8pm please DO NOT panic buy ... there is more than enough food and bog roll to go around !! Thank you !
There is no need to rush out and panic buy. Groceries and essentials such as medicine will still be available while Greater Brisbane is in lockdown. Make sure you wear a mask and observe social distancing. Thanks everyone.
So @ScottMorrisonMP is actually capable of being a leader when required. A very informative presser so far. I'm glad the UK strain is being taken seriously. Those in QLD need to stop their panic buying and stay home and we need to roll out the vaccine ASAP. #auspol #qldpol
The panic buying blows my mind. The rest of the country is fine, there are no shortages of anything, and it's only for a couple of days. Why do people keep doing the same irrational things over and over when it has been shown to be completely ridiculous?
This is bullshi!. All the supermarkets by me have not been affected at all.
Remainers spreading lies about food shortages in Britain. They are desperate for their bullshit Project Fear to come true and are making things up to satisfy themselves.
Sometimes I even go to the store and when I get to the parking lot, it feels too overwhelming and I go right back home  Instacart is one of the best things that’s exists!
grocery delivery!!! even tho you pay a tip,i still find that i spend less on groceries because i can budget more precisely and choose the cheapest options. i do walmart
Depends on whether we see panic buying as a result of no deal
Yup. I've always predicted March 1st for the inauguration ceremony for the #2021BrexitRiots...
Wait until people start booking holidays (in the EU)... more expensive and purchasing power at your holiday destination will likely have taken a hit.
I'm thinking mid-December we'll see empty shelves as a combination of Christmas and panic buying, then brief respite as supermarkets catch up with demand, then serious issues from mid-Jan onwards as warehouses for the major supermarkets empty.....
The stockpile capacity is limited given the volumes we are dealing with ...
5) There will be "reduced [food] supply availability, especially of certain fresh products" and "supply of some critical dependencies for the food supply chain... could be reduced". Govts own worst case scenario 6/12/20
I've always said ... give it 6 weeks ... if I was the EU, shut it all down on Jan 1st ... 6 weeks later, set up the meeting room again.
Been thinking along those lines, & reading origins of products on their labels. Will have an extra one of one or two items in the store cupboard to get us over the hump
I think you are right that stockpiling will build some slack into the system - anyone touched by imports/exports will grumble at bureaucracy of first order/dispatch.Perfect storm brewing for March 2021: At present, commercial tenants withholding rent are protected until then.
"No strawberries for Valentine's Day" or "Blimey! Have you seen the price of this fruit?!" or "Cabbage is the new Orange" headlines by early to mid Feb.Then "I had to make a customs declaration sending my mother's day present back home by post" by some NI people in London.
That wo not quite the "gotcha" moment.That will occur when they turn up at the arrival airport, get asked if they have the right paperwork; when they suddenly find they ca not hire a car; if they have an accident and have to pay for treatment.
St David's Day. Perhaps the Welsh will start a revolt.
No by 2nd wk of Jan:- 1st section in supermarkets is fresh fruit&veg- This won’t restock fully by end wk 1- Which’ll kick off panic buying- Price rises’ll add more fuel- Then the 50% of people w/o saving will resort to extreme measures.It will be humanitarian disaster.
Yes, so there's still a fair amount of time, more than just 3 weeks, to do your stockpiling.Looks like the shortages will be mainly fresh goods, so stock up on the tinned & frozen fruit & vegetables.
Yep, pack houses will close for Xmas and supply lines paused. It always is a bit hit and miss for fresh stuff after Xmas and NY.
Cabbage it is then for months IMO
I agree.  The fresh produce aspect may not even hit us until mid to late Feb when the EU growing season of Southern Europe kicks in.
Just in time for another covid spike....
Yes, I think when people start to see empty spaces in the fresh section they’ll then clear out the pre-packed / tinned goods and toiletries.
Yeah. That'll do it.
I thought we were meant to be getting ready?
Which means we should stockpile food.
Absolute joke
please give me the quote? "told"
Yeah coz that'll work
Any cannot afford to or they would
Told, they might have been. Listen, they wo not.
That's  bit too late for this News  everyone  Has so many people  started  All ready.
Ok; off I go then....
OMG! I need to stockpile food!
In other words that is exactly what a lot of people will now be doing.
That’s going to go well, isn’t it...
Empty shelves then. Best not say anything.
So basically everyone will stockpile food.
Don’t remember this on the side of @BorisJohnson @michaelgove ‘s big red bus.
BBC are the virus
Can see the queues now
Mad panic starts tomorrow
Narrator : People tend to stockpile a bit at Xmas.
If its anything like any other year there will be enough left over from Christmas dinner to last until Easter.
Haven’t got any room left in my house, dear oh dear.
welp, you now know what you must do
MASS STOCKPILING BEGINS IN EARNEST
If they were not stockpiling before, they will do now. Brilliant headline. That'll definitely calm everyone down.
Cue panic buying
Stockpile... in a pandemic. Surely not. BBC in #ProjectFear shocker!
Which is the exactly the wrong thing to say if you don’t want people to stockpile
Hahahahahaha
By saying don’t do it they pretty much guarantee it
Already happening
Well that’s all the invitation they need.
It wo not be food it will be bog roll again
I was not going to... but...
Looks like a needed trip out from my toilet roll fortress
Opposite effect headline writ large
so we should stockpile food then
Everyone usually starts their diets in January so best not to stock pile food otherwise you will eat it all.
There’s only one reason you’d need to tell people that.
So shops have been told to stockpile due to potential shortages but people have been told not to as there won’t be any shortages?
Never thought of it but I will now, thanks for the heads up .
So we will.
It's so predictable all these dire news articles. News like this, causes idiots to stockpile.
Too late, it’s everyone for themselves in this hate filled country
They will , look at the pointless toilet paper farce, unfortunately a percentage of the country are greedy and thick
Does not matter how much money you have if there's nothing in the shop.
Ahhh the sunlit uplands
I will be traveling where ever I want
Perhaps better to buy a few extra things now rather than tussle with the looters in January.
What's the biggest pack of rice they sell?
Is that reverse psychology?
You’re telling us no one else is you make people panic buy
So what will people do now @BBCNews? Very irresponsible broadcasting
Already sorted. Rest of you can fight over the last of the toilet paper.......
Fat chance
Why the hell not? @BorisJohnson is trying to ruin our country and create food and medicine shortages, so why the hell shouldn’t people stockpile?
You know you're governed well when you need to be told not to stockpile in the world's 5th richest country
WHY is the BBC deliberately trying to encourage panic buying?#BrexitDisaster #Brexit #BrexitShambles #NoDealBrexit
Lol, look at the state of that picture.
Another winner from @BBCNews - how to get people to stockpile- muppets
The media is responsible by feeding the fear. Headlines telling us of shortages, delays and increased prices. #responsibility #Brexit #foodshortages
Down to my last 200 bog  rolls , what will I do?
You should have 2 weeks just in case you have to self isolate
Its irresponsible articles like this that 'remind' people to do this, you are sounding more like the Daily Mail with this type of story.
what about toilet role?
How about the consistently wrong MSM being told not to needless scare the British public sh*tless with #ProjectFear3? Also, how about telling those same MSM  activists to put on their big boy and girl pants and accept the 2016 result?
Translation: stockpile food immediately.
Like we were told back in March!! Remind me how that turned out ?
Yet again, news desks running stories to panic the public into buying too much  @BBCNews Are you happy for a few likes and retweets, just so those who cant stockpile, are forced to struggle?
Who’d have thought Brexit was going to be a complete shit show
Why would you, what is the point, we wo not starve or even worse run out of toilet roll
Stockpiling EU sourced food stuffs would be an entirely rationale thing to do. This shitshow of a government can provide no assurances even at this very late stage.
I think it’s more likely the tw*ts that voted brexit who are responsible
The idiots who might, will have to get rid of some bog rolls first...........
Oh do F O !
Here in the US, an article like that would have the opposite effect of what was intended.
Everyone stockpile food
The EU, taken as a whole is the UK’s largest trading partner. In 2019, UK exports to the EU were £294 billion (43% of all UK exports). UK imports from the EU were £374 billion (52% of all UK imports).Source: House of commons library
Seems it's the BBC telling us knowing full well that it will encourage the idiots to go out again filling trolleys with bog roll and food that will be binned and wasted. The BBC will then have the manufacturered story they want about shortages caused by Brexit.
IMO an irresponsible headline that will now ensure empty shelves and no toilet paper - which will now not be an irrational purchase over COVID 19 - and the rest of us being starved of pasta for the foreseeable.
Good choice of photo. It’s bound to be glove nonces with the biggest piles.
Why would we need to Brexit is going to be a roaring success, oh wait, the catastrofuck of a shambles that we have running the country and the pack of lies they sold the nation ...
Brilliant journalism. Never a dare a fool!
No worries there then. They only stockpile bog roll and hand wash
Ok you get a follow back
You have told supermarkets to do so though
Nothing like panicking the herd. Moronic journalism
I’m sure No Deal Brexiters will see you right for any shortages if you ask forcefully. I mean nicely.
Why are the trucks lined up on both sides of the channel?  Because the suppliers are stockpiling as they believe shortages are imminent.People of britain, STOCKPILE EVERYTHING THAT COMES FROM EUROPE.ITS GOING TO BE IN SHORT SUPPLY COME JANUARY 1st if there's NO DEAL
But if food is 80% more expensive once the Brexit deal is approved, why not stockpiling now?
It's rational to stockpile food when your own government is behaving irrationally.
I've no intention of doing because I'm not an iresponsible idiot.
That means we must do the opposite
Sort the fecking deal and stop the uncertainty would be by far the easiest way to do this! Its been 4 1/2 years of shit government that has caused all this worry to business and the population!
That’s calculated to instill huge confidence. Can you imagine the infection rates as this shit takes hold? Genius move by @BorisJohnson and @pritipatel
Ex-fucking-actly. Oh the irony
You realise this amounts to a government-sponsored instruction to start stockpiling? You do realise that?
Presumably the sub-text from the #Brexit supporting #BBC is 'please panic as we can get good copy from it'.
It is a bit late trying to act as a public service broadcaster now when you have kept quiet about the criminality behind Brexit and its likely effects on our economy for at least 6 years. I used to think you were impartial. Brexit has shown me how far from the truth that is.
Did that ages ago so I wo not need to take part in the panic buying melee around xmas or no deal.
By posting this you are acually triggering stockpiling.
OMG. The BBC as guardian of appropriate behaviour. Helpless and mirthless laughter here.
So know the idots are thinking themselves do I have a reason too.Unfortunately the brain cell will say yes.
Most sensible people would not have even thought of doing this until you mentioned it, nice one !
A bit late now all you media people have kicked off announcing it just before Christmas.
They so know it’s December?
Even Prosecco?
Why the fuck would I ?
Never even thought about stock piling, why are you putting that idea out there ?
Dont think of an Octopus, Dont think of an Octopus......
Brits will do what they need to do...The shelves will be stripped!
Been putting aside a few things each week for months now. It's almost like I predicted this useless shower of shit of  government would screw things up and we'd end up with no deal or a complete omnishambles.
It’s almost like the CCP, whoops I mean BBC, wants people to stockpile food
Only Remoaners
Yep. Advise a ‘Brit’ not to do something...
Well done you idiots, there’ll be nothing on the shelves cone January
We only have 138 sheep (+ next year's lambs).
Idiots told not to stockpile food* fixed it
Never even thought of it; it might be an idea if the @BBCNews stockpiled it's propaganda tax 'licence fee' 'cos that's one item millions wo not be wasting their money on when the BBC's precious EU becomes just another failed attempt at totalitarianism.
Good luck with that best you get troops
And once again out comes the "there will be tariffs!" wail.Who charges tariffs on imports into the UK? The UKWho can waive  those tariffs? The UKIf there are tariffs who gets the money? The UKWho could spend that money back into the UK Economy? The UKNON STORY
Oh yes you are
Being the 5th biggest economy does not make you the 5th richest country and a £2trillion debt certainly does not.
Telling one of the world's stupidest populations *not* to do something, is a red rag to a bull....
OK thanks for that. Which items should I specifically not stockpile apart from tinned foods and pasta.
Wilkos Epsom   but I'm sure there will be plenty of food in the supermarkets  #BREXIT
Half the reason I've stockpiled is because as soon as the press starts saying "do not stockpile" you know everyone will rush out and there'll be shortages!
Essentially yes.  Supermarkets are responsible enough to manage shortages whereas the public add to them.
Looking at the amount of fatties in supermarket toady , they’ve been stockpiling for years . Might save the N.H.S some money a better fitter & more healthy Briton
We weren’t. No one had considered it apart from bed wetters and those who listen to your drivel.
Dear people reading this headline as a directive by the BBC - try reading the actual article and see whose comments they're quoting. Plenty to criticise the Beeb for, but accurate reporting is not it.
Why?
Apparently, this time it will be a shortage of shoe polish. Best get a few tins tomorrow.
What about before the end of December?
Sprouts, kale, potatoes. Happy eating.
That’s what they want to happen. There wouldn’t have been a panic had they not mentioned it but now they have it’s inevitable people will do it just like the loo rolls, etc at the start. They’re playing us.
That'll do the trick!
How about you’re not allowed to stockpile food if you voted ‘leave’.
How about you’re only allowed to stockpile food if you voted ‘remain’.
Covid shortages were manufactured but Brexit shortages won’t be- supply problems and price rises be seen in 2021.
Why does this not surprise me Dan..Do you really not understand how importers operate (especially supermarket suppliers)
"If you stockpile you will make things even worse."
Everything about the government saying not to stockpile, makes me want to stock pile
What shouldn’t we stockpile ..
‘Urged not to stockpile’ by the British Retail Consortium. Largest members? Supermarkets. Not in the least bit suspicious at all. Oh no.
It's beginning to look a lot like Brexit,Everywhere you goooo.....
We're taking our country back and as we've been told for 4 years Brexit is a HUGE win for the country and we're all going to be better off. So why would we need to be told not to stockpile food?
Maybe not issue things like this in your stories then. Basically you said that food will get more expensive, retailers are stockpiling and there will be disruption. But John can’t keep 25 cans of beans in prep.
This is exactly the kind of “news” that lead to stockpiling food.
Don’t panic! Absolutely no need to panic, nobody panic.
Aye right sparky.
Sane Britons do not need to be told this.However, those that get their 'news' from you may be grateful for the warning.
Yeah, that'll work.Also, you mis-spelt 'self-inflicted catastrophe'.
We'll do what we fucking well like, thanks very much, just like our fucking government ...
People not very clever.
Asda putting signs up getting ready for no deal brexit carnage
Red rag to a bull! #Brexit
Already have. Don’t fancy starving because of our government’s abject failure to do their job, thanks. Let the Brexiteers fight to the death over the last loaf of bread, because they still believe all the lies they were told about “sunlit uplands” and unicorns. Fools.
with you - I have a small stock built up over time.
The remainers have thought about it because they are not half asleep.
Do not stock pile...why? because we trust this Gov to keep us safe and fed?
We can all feast on those unicorns that live on the sunlit uplands.
bog ‘roll’ off
For everyone except yourself....
Well shut up, stop scaring people
Is this because the government want more people to die? Didn’t their approach to Covid kill enough? Have they got the ration books ready? Which crony got millions for printing half the amount promised???
Except you missed out that we pay the tarrifs and we'll all be worse off.
Well we've only had what 4 years to get ready?
More scaremongering by the Propaganda channel!!!
Well if you had not fucking mentioned it....
I’ve stockpiled the gin ,vodka, and some mountgay rum ,I’m worried I will run out sometime in January
And here we go again - the press report do not  stockpile and the idiots will start to do just that ,self fulfilling  prophecy
In that case, better stockpile food
But the supermarkets are stockpiling themselves???
“Told “?
Usual Tory mess.
Oh dear, we’ve been stockpiling since last year. It saves panic buying & emptying the shelves for others. Also gives supermarkets time to restock.
LOL.We can see how badly it's going. People are bound to react, especially when they're already hyped up with lockdowns and stuff.
Only idiots don’t stockpile before a whole new Customs regime is imposed round the U.K. and cuts us off from Europe and clogs our ports & Airports so we’re also cut off from our non-EU imports.
I think it’s the same in most countries. There’s not a lot of trust in governments in Homo sapiens
Cheers mate
So Govt is wrong telling stores to stockpile ergo shoppers stockpile??
We have already assembled a commodious supply of fois gras, truffles, Beluga caviar, sturgeon, Petrus 51 etc. so are well placed to see out the post Brexit shortages. If you oiks  had just thought ahead you too could have avoided any shortages in the days ahead.
Britons told to pay for this nonsense.
Passengers of the Titanic told not to worry about the bits of iceberg on the deck. And not to rush to the muster stations.
Just before you selfish people fill your trolleys, think of the people who are on low incomes or the elderly who cannot do the same. Leave some for others.
Britons? You expecting the Romans to invade?
Why would the BBC want people to stockpile food? This is the BBC reporting the government's own risk analysis. Other news outlets are doing the same thing.
I'd say about 51%
Damn I thought this brexit deal was meant to be about making us prosperous.
We are leaving the EU. For God's sake stock up while you can with toilet rolls - you only have 16 days left.
Off to cash and carry today
The people who stole my freedoms by causing Brexit can starve for all I care.
You do know that Britons will do exactly that, now you’ve said it?
Don’t be Ridiculous....
Some were always going to when there is talk of trouble ahead tho I see you've been told to get the excuses ready for brexit damage.
Just think if you had not backed the Tories we would not be in this position now.
Benefits are very clear. Thanks for sharing!
Ohh look. The BBC spreading fear and panic again. That's it no food for us normal folk who just buy what they want when they want.
We all know what you are doing. Telling the poor people who can’t think for themselves to stockpile.
The Sun has pics of full trolleys at Costco.  Failed to say that they are a cash and carry and sell in bulk. Also have a 12 day sale on. Hysteria bumped up by  false headlines
BBC telling people not to stockpile food...They Know that putting this out MAKES certain people panic and stockpile...they know this it happened with Covid ..The BBC are being irresponsible as normal...theres no need to broadcast this drivel....#DEFUNDTHEBBC
Uh huh, sure "There will be adequate food" — BBC
I've been stockpiling for months, we all know we ca not trust #BorisTheLiar on anything, not forgetting  the #coronavirus disaster now we have #BrexitDisaster looming.Maybe #bbcnews should not have backed Boris, we would not be in this Eton mess.
I’m sorry but when exactly has the @bbcnews ever backed Boris?
Why would they?
Nothing says stockpile more than being told not to stockpile.
That's a good idea..let's stockpile says a nation used to Tory and BBC lies.
I’ll panic when there’s something to panic about. Or not because I don’t like running about like a wet hen.
Bored with Corona Sky now using Brexit as their news lead to keep people frightened of the future
That is one way to ensure that some people do so.
This is literally like Peppa Pig saying anything to Daddy Pig that starts with "Do not".
For god's sake the stupid will be out buying toilet rolls, pasta and tins of tomatoes.....to add to the ones they bought before the first and second lockdowns....
And by reporting that you the BBC, the real virus in this country will encourage people to stockpile!!!
We’re in the queue to go to Oban on the ferry. Haven’t been off island since August. Quite anxious about it already, but if there’s panic buying going on we may turn around and swim home.
I do not know about Scotland, but if people are managing to control themselves in densely-populated London, I reckon you'll be OK. Have a safe trip. x
I agree. It’s like they want to make the news even worse. LOVES, it’s bad enough.
Hear hear. Kentish Town a picture of festive calm this morning I can report
Yep, popped into my little local Tesco yesterday, calm and fully stocked. Got cake, stollen, mini cheddars and clementines. No need to panic. All local mini marts calm and fully stocked too. Butchers and greengrocers are all still open. Calm. Be calm.
My wife’s starting to worry as our daughter has quite the mono diet, but even during lockdown #1 the E17 local shops were stacked floor to ceiling with pasta, rice & tinned veg, so we’ll survive! I’m more worried about the vast food waste of people buying stuff & it going off.
Leytonstone and Lakeside Thurrock calm and sensible this morning.
I was going to go to the supermarket today but all the reporting has left me stuck on the sofa rethinking as I can’t face scenes of chaos.  If I have no sprouts for Xmas I’ll blame the news!!Think I’ll put on the @curseofstrictly pod instead!
Yup, ditto. Was going to go this morning anyway bc it's my usual weekly shop time & is not generally too full, and it was fine. No crush, no dickheads, only thing they were out of was those boxes of fancy chocolate biscuits.
There are mountains of 14p bags of sprouts. I think it's all ok xx
Couldn’t agree more. The media has a huge role in the brittle national mood at the moment
To be honest, I've been infuriated with the media since the start of the pandemic. I think they've done an awful job and have caused more panic in an already panic-filled world. We're living in a world where facts are not printed enough.
"First they came for the Leibniz selection...."
Same in Brighton. No busier than any other day pre xmas.
Yes. E17 Sainsbury’s seemed ok this morning. No one dragging pallets of stuffing to the checkout.
Our friends on @SkyNews seem to be reporting the same. Saino's is busy but no busier than normal for this time of year. That said, a workmate did tell me that her local supermarket is running out of bog roll again...
Good to hear it. Beyond irresponsible of some media outlets to whip up an already anxious/angry populace.
Word. Hope it continues.
Same here, all normal in Whitechapel
Same in Exeter, very calm, but I wish everyone outside would wear masks, if the new virus is as “catchy” as current advice, government needs to give a clear simple message, wear a mask or the NHS is very unlikely to save your grandad.
No supply problems here in Dorset.One annoying mother letting 4 kids run everywhere around Sainsbury, none with masks including her.Lots broken the rules and turned up here from London etc.Otherwise all good.@BBCNews
Same at Morrisons in Ipswich.
Well ironically due to the wet weather this year it's been a bumper harvest for British sprouts.
Same here in Shropshire
Sensible people live in your area then
Media trying to spark a panic buying spree to fit their narrative
The media have failed yet again with their scaremongering
Same here in Filey!
Same at my local Aldi and Tesco got all my veg and rocket salad this morning stacked to the rafters
Unbelievable that we’re back here. I really wish people would stop and think before panic buying... it’s so sad to see people like my 76 year old mum miss out on essentials - simply because being inconsiderate and selfish is way forward for many now.
Tweets should be aimed at the MSM that are fueling the panic buying. If the sheep are panicked, no amount of pleading will stop the bulk buying.
My aldi was the same earlier.
Lidl and Home Bargains virtually empty of shoppers. Waitrose had a queue of 30+.  I don’t do queues.
Sainsbury's lying again then
We are in stevenage and used an iceland ..Loads of fresh fruit and veg ..Made up stories again i am afraid !!
I thought you must be from Scotland but you’re Welsh. Then: congratulations - the supermarkets are pulling out all of the stops to keep us fed. They’re also minting it. But good on them.
Sadly so, supermarkets should bag up all the fresh stuff and put it free for those in need from 9pm till midnight Xmas Eve or something perhaps.
Or mine
Waitrose are very strict on shopper numbers
None in mine either!
None where I am either, plus all vegetables appear to be on offer
I am of bloke stock, and rejoice in being a loyal colonial in this snowy outpost of empire. I celebrate my heritage. But "fighting over sprouts" is an alarming image. 'Sprouts' refers to gemmifera, the Belgian baseball? People fight for them?
Me too
Same here, no problems at all.
Yes, but, what about the Lettuce?
Same at the ASDA in my town. And they're selling veg for 20p - yes 20p - a bag.
I just got back from Sainsbury’s. No problems with anything. Fully stocked.
Same here. Had a food order from Morrisons. No sprouts available. Been up to Asda. Mountains of them!
Just been food shopping at my local grocers and butchers...bugger Lidls...not supporting a German company..
Just got back from our local Asda, they had plenty also... even loo rolls!!
Same at Morrisons and M&S.
Same as, Tesco’s & Lidl shelves full & no problems.
I thought all the vegetables were in EU
14p  in Aldi
Our Sainsburys stocked high with stuff, do not know what their statement was about.
#Lettucelifematters
Had Tesco home delivery and Iceland home delivery and every single item in stock. One substitution which was a pack of 6 of something swapped to a pack of 12!No complaints here.As for all meat and veg well that's all ordered from the Local High Street.
More MSM fear mongering,sheeple will be binning the excess they bought after Christmas.
Same in Portsmouth!!
I know! I got an Iceland shop delivered yesterday, I instantly went to the receipt to see what wasn’t there and there was no substitutes! There are always substitutes!
Shirebrook, Derbyshire is fine also.
That’s our experience also.
We went to a local ‘farmers market’ this morning held on a pub car park.. got everything we wanted, all fresh and all UK grown
Sainsbury’s are delivering all the items I ordered today (2 bottles of Jack D included) except for the Welsh Lamb Shanks! Maybe trouble at border or they all went to the EU!
It’s good news for lettuce lovers too. No need for any #panicbuying. Relax peeps.
I’ll go to my local Waitrose this evening, that should be a good litmus test.
I did my shopping in @waitrose two days ago. Fantastic range and very well stocked.
Do not let MSM know they will have a meltdown...
Where is all the unhealthy food.
And to make it better loads were on offer
Ditto in Bristol.. i thought I had my dates wrong
Queuing at Sainsbury Paignton (needed to go to Timpson for new watch battery and the kiosk is outside) went on to Morrisons ~ no queue, fully stocked, busy but not as bad as I've seen it on a Saturday.
And now EU saying lift the movement bans. Seems my less than 48 hours before it’s realised this new covid is pretty much well spread was right
Nor in mine
Same here. Just Meeja trying to whip up panic
Same here.
Brilliant
I would honestly recommend avoiding sainsburys of possible, theyve shown themselves up as an appalling anti british company
My local supermarket this morning.What panic buying?
No shortages or queues in Lidl either.
Agree - just been shopping and the shelves are full of lettuce & tangerines. No shortages here either. Just buy what you are going to eat - no more & we will be fine.
The best
@LidlGB also have great stock, veggies at 14p a pack, Brussels, parsnips, carrots. Red cabbage...I bought a small one for 9p. Fresh n frozen turkeys and duck....everything for Christmas dinner and more.
Nor here in the Labour prison of Wales. Food in abundance. MSM trawling the country for an empty shelf.
Same in my area (unless its the same area )
And me.  More than enough
I went to Lidl. No queues. Plenty of stock. No one loading up their trollies or panic buying. Fellow shoppers keeping socially distant.
#DefundTheBBC #ScumMedia
Where?
Another made up story by the BBC and the supermarkets ran with it hoping to cash in.
Just got back from the shops myself and had to step over the piles of lettuces that were overflowing from the displays into the aisles... obvious something rotten at #Sainsburys if they ca not keep up as all the other shops do?
I think the media need to be banned from in any way fuelling panic buying. I can’t move in my house for loo roll...
Visited my local greengrocer this morning and can confirm they had plenty  of fresh vegetables available #Notonlysupermarketssellvegetables
I would not know as I do not give Tesco or the like my business for fresh produce. I prefer to support my local allotment shop & buy all the seasonal veg I need & local farm shop for my meat & poultry. They deserve it more than the big conglomorates & their shareholder back pockets
Nor ours hubby been shopping, Waitrose well stocked
Could not find any sushi in Sainsburys Huddersfield at lunchtime. What has become of this country? #panicbuying
It’s only the EU loving Sainsbury’s that that are so useless they run out of everything
The newspapers won’t like you tweeting this. Only scaremongering and chaos sells..
True
I went to ASDA yesterday. Busy but not crazy. sprouts and carrots 20p a bag. All shelves fully stacked. I'm darn sarf
Same in Dumfries and Galloway.  No issues here either..
Same experience in Portsmouth too. Thankfully no panic buying (yet), plenty on the shelves including toilet roll and hand sanitizer.
Totally agree and I’ve supported my local butcher and shops but obviously there’s some things you can’t get in the small retailers.
I'm glad, it was a easy shopping trip for you. No one needs hussle.
I've been to Morrison's today, exactly the same, shelves are full
There are no empty shelves in N Ireland either.
Same here, although Sainsburys are looking a bit sparse
Same in Huntingdonshire
I’ve supported my local butcher and fruit and veg shops. I went to the larger supermarkets for other things that small retailers don’t sell. I was merely pointing out that there was no shortage of veg etc.
It's sometimes as if journalists are sitting outside the bushes at your local grocery store waiting for them to rearrange their inventory so they can snap pictures of the empty shelves...Stores run out of products all the time, they just order more, that's not a shortage.
I've been to one supermarket in Chippenham and another in Bath today. Quite boring really, easy to park, no queues, full shelves, roads quiet. I feel cheated.
Same experience in Thirsk!!
BBC and sky and media  and sainsbury boss should be fined or something trying to create panic buying disgusting behaviour
Meanwhile at a rural large Asda yesterday, mid afternoon, veg and salad aisles half empty
There’s no shortage - bbc & sky causing panic as usual. Totally irresponsible & lazy.
It’s the media fuelling fears that bring about unnecessary panic buying. This panic buying has a knock on effect. The delivery orders are caught out. But, it all catches up. There is no need to panic buy, nor stockpile food.
Just come back from Waitrose, the shelves are well stocked and because most customers are shopping on their own it was easy to go around the store. Ca not remember ever doing my Xmas shop so easily.
Go back in 2 weeks.
Most of those photo's are Remainers digging out pics from March.
Well this is the problem is not it. People hear there's panic buying then go out and panic buy.It's a self fulfilling prophecy
Running out of butteries in Fife. I bought the last packet. Eating them all immediately because hoarding is wrong.
same in Cheltenham
Same here - Sainsbury's #northwest
I’d best tell Tim Martin I think, staying in Wetherspoons pub/hotel, restaurant shut, only doing bar snacks, staff said no food as it’s stuck in Calais. Good to see Brexit Tim buying British.
Nowhere are there any shortages *yet*
A lot of the panic buying seems to be in tier 4 like London apparently - my friends shop is near empty
You do realise that supermarkets had fresh produce for this week.  You will notice a difference after Christmas when supplies are not forthcoming
I had my #Tesco pre-Christmas delivery two hours ago,Nothing missing, no substitutions.Thank you #Tesco.
Did my usual 3 weekly shop yesterday (clinically vulnerable so doing occasional big shops & avoiding people apart from that) Relieved to see no panic buying (and also not the normal hectic overly busy run-up to Xmas shop that normally happens this week)
Agreed. Been to Morrison’s, Lidl and Sainsbury’s in the last 24hrs and no problems with stock at all. Talking about panic buying will only create panic buying.
My local Tesco had no fresh milk. And I mean... No fresh milk at all. But everything else was in abundance. Maybe I was to early for their delivery.
There are milk shortages thanks to panic buyers, the milk is local it's not stuck in lorries at Dover
Oh dear! Your not saying that the MSM fear mongering is just that.  eat British Support our farmers.
In the first lockdown you could not get anything in our local supermarkets. Drove to the next town it was fine. Too much money in my town so people can afford to bulk buy everything! Food bank donation points were always full though.
We have loads here too, mega busy though but it’s the same every Christmas .
Waitrose shelves bulging with British fruit and veg.  I bet they will be selling at marked down price Xmas Eve.
Sensible advice.
Same here in my supermarket Suzy, press trying to stir it up again as usual.
Wales online here scaremongering saying shortages etc. Terrible journalism as all good. Last thing people need is more bad news. Its fine, shop as normal.
My Sainsburys was empty yesterday. I could not buy anything.
Same as sainsbury this morning .plenty of stock !
Well done you looking out for others thank you
Must be rough where you live, I live in Birmingham, and have never had to fight anybody for a sprout.Have pushed a pensioner to get to the frosty Jack's though
Just because the shops you visited were well stocked does not mean that every shop in the whole country is stocked too. Already seeing empty shelves for loo roll again.
i went to asda last night and tescos today and neither had any bread or fruit, plus the meat at asda was pretty much empty, people are #panicbuying
Tell Poison Maguire that @Kevin_Maguire
I once witnessed a full on scrap in Morrisons on Xmas Eve over the last bag of parsnips...whilst they were hair pulling on the floor I just picked it up went to the till paid and left. I often wonder how it ended
Same here. Perhaps we live in locations where the people have not fallen for the media hype. Queues yesterday, but not today. Walked straight in. Long may it continue!
Thanks for that.  The  media  are whipping people  up into  a frenzy. Im going  in the morning when I take  my  daughter  to  work  at 7. Just got  the  turkey  to pick up on Christmas  eve.
No panic in mine either.
Same at my local Tesco & Marks.  I’ve thanked the staff for their hard work too
Same in my area - no sign of any panic buying.
Thank you Ash, likewise my local supermarkets are fully stocked.
Tesco and a few others are selling toys, in Cardiff lol they're not supposed to but good on them..
Christ, it's worse than I thought.You have to shop at Morrisons?
I assume you are going to do the same in every Tesco in the UK so this is relevant?
Me too, just back from Morrison's and there was an abundance of fruit and veg...strangely it was the mince pies that were disappearing lol.....everything else was full. Was very busy though, but didnt want to go Christmas eve
The shops are full of shoppers the shelves are full of food happy people Happy Christmas
I think it's localised. Here in West Brom one supermarket was almost wiped out of salad and veg because they had not had a delivery, popped up to another one a mile or so away and their shelves were full.
Well done Ash.
Same here in North Wales
Same here went to our tescos, plenty of everything, did not take long got everything I wanted
Ive just come back from Tesco . Very few packs of loo roll left and they are four roll packs. No bananas at all . I mean , who panic buys bananas ?
Media trying to stir up a storm
I’ve been to Morrison’s and no shortages and Aldi the same no problems or it might be that people realise that most things have a short shelf life and are being sensible
I’ve just got back from M&S in Teeside and it’s the same thing.Shelves and displays full to capacity even after the half an hour queue to get in.Lots of panic buyers out there today because of the #FakeMedia.
I went into ASDA to get some Christmas cards and some stamps shelves are all full no queuing. Then I went across to the pound shop they have everything we just had to queue for a couple of minutes. If people just shop normal there will be no shortage
Well said...the utter bed wetters love causing hysteria
"it's not affecting me, therefore it is not happening."§
The same in my part of Hertfordshire.
Our Aldi was stuffed full with fruit and veg. I have been able to buy everything I needed and more. Will be avoiding scaremongering Sainsbury’s in future.
Same at Lidl, Stockwell
Same. Snap, shit forgot to get sugar
This was my Tesco in London last night but it WASN’T due to panic buying. It was only fresh fruit and meat missing, which is what has been coming through the ports in the last few days. No shortages of dry goods like loo rolls. #panicbuying
Just been into #tunbridgewells, no queues in @marksandspencer or @Tesco and plenty of fresh fruit and veg.
I
Agree, went to Tesco's this morning absolutely no shortages anywhere!
Same at #tesco  Haslingdon, it been brilliant all through the pandemic actually.
I was in both Lidl and Sainsbury's this morning. Absolutely  no problems in either.
Depends where you live.My rural town was fine last night. In and out with shopping, no queue but London and South East are panicking having gone from Tier 2 to Tier 4 so quickly. It's all a bit of a shock for them, having escaped the worst tiers until very recently
I had the same experience here in Cornwall. Ample supplies
Labour supporters and anti-Brexit. Sainsbury’s have gone full-on political activist this year. I avoid them.
Same early this morning here.
In the past two days I’ve been to Sainsbury’s, Iceland  and M&S. No queues, normal number of people in the shops and no empty shelves.  It’s rumours of panic buying that cause panic buying
Responsible news providers would be releasing the same if they had anything about them. Clickbait articles about panic buying aren’t helping anyone.
Same here. Plenty of stock. All the tills open. Friendly and helpful staff. No panic buying spotted here either. (Tesco)
You go and behave like an idiot then.
You've gone and done it now Suzy...
Was in Aldi yesterday, shelves packed, just normal foot fall.Friends in Asda today, shelves packed, normal footfall.
I don’t snob out on people. If the vulnerable people on my patch want me to go to Morrison’s because that’s where they go, then that’s where I’ll go.
I saw that too in Tesco.
But but but all those lorries queued up.......but but but they said there’d be shortages.....and what with Brexit an all.....
Exactly the same in my big Tesco in our area.
Same here. Just the normal holiday shoppers. The real panic seems to be in the newsrooms, mainstream and the rest, desperately short of 'factual' headlines.
My sister said the same about our local Tesco. She got everything she wanted. Fingers crossed it stays that way - I am shopping at 6pm tonight.
I’ve just been shopping. No signs of shortages - I got all the fresh stuff I wanted. It’s only as busy as you’d expect just before Christmas.
I was born in Wigan and my rels said not too bad re shops there but as u say empty spaces As only 3 of us Xmas think we hv everything Hubby went Aldis after work and said hardly anyone there I think will still b xmas eve rush !
Yes, our local Tesco the same!
Agreed. Sainsbury’s in Chiswick W4 was busy but no shortages of fresh fruit & veg.
Judging by this tweet, I am starting a petition for Supply chain and business lessons to start from school age because this is not how supply chains work.
got to say ive seen my town asda empty shelfs last night,but a few hours later,filled up
Same here slight queue for some shops but shelves stocked and I did not see anyone going ott with their shopping x
Are you reading this Macron? Your little plans gone tits up.
Good informed news pal. Shun these #ScumMedia panic buying peddlers
oh oh.. the unmentionables will not like your tweet
Good for you. I majored in international operations so you’ll have a spare place for someone else.
Same here, and at Waitrose
cool, morrisons, asda, tesco and sainsburys near me have run out of fresh produce, as have the same stores in the surrounding towns.ironic that the toilet rolls are fine and the alcohol isles are still full.since almost all veg and meat come from the EU ... were screwed
Best way to create panic buying....tell people not to panic buy!!!!
Aldi and Tesco the same today in my area. It’s more project fear bullshit.
Morrison was no queuing at 6.30 am this morning but half the shelves where empty as normal, went down to waitrose after and they was queuing round the carpark so did not bother.
Same in our tesco last night when I went in. It was a bit busier than normal but ok. I would have liked a bag of satsumas but not critical that they were none left.
Sadly my elderly Mother went to @Morrisons at 9.30am and the shelves were very sparse.
Same here, plenty there!
the smart people got their sprouts on the boil around Easter time.
Aldi here in Norwich has run out of plain chocolate drops which is a nuisance for me being #DairyFree Loads of milk ones though.#NoChocChipAndCranberryRockCakes for me
People planning on making banana bread seeing as they got so good at it during lockdown 1.0?
Same here, in the main - though Ripon Sainsbury's was full of people "hoarding" this morning, but they seemed to be on top of it - except for bread products and eggs!
My area either.....plenty of stock on shelves...press demonstrating yet again how to press the panic button.....
I do not think the public are falling for the scaremongering media anymore..(outside London)
Couldn’t agree more.  Cauliflower shortage?  Sainsbury’s in Epsom had hundreds crated up at the entrance on sale at 35p each.
Well done for being a great neighbour We all need to do our part and lend a helping hand to our Neighbours Love Thy Neighbour See No Stranger
Hope you manage to do it
Been to Argos in Sainsbury’s (won’t actually shop there) and then onto Asda, absolutely fine everywhere, calm and not overrun with folk, shelves brim full... Was the same in Tesco’s yesterday, Sprouts 19p, potatoes 29p heaven
I work in a supermarket in Scotland and i just past tons of veg in the back so we seem to be ok  i think the media is making it bigger than it is?
Yep, same for me in Sainsbury’s earlier. Red top papers scaremongering again it would seem
Same in my area as well, very well stocked.
Just had my delivery from Sainsbury and got everything I ordered. Such nice drivers who bring my supplies. It really has helped me so much.
I went to Sainsburys last night lots of fresh veg and loads of frozen veg.  I think its the supermarkets are fueling this so people will bulk buy.They are only closed  for two days
It’s brexit Britain in January that’s the problem. This is just a warm up.
Its all media hype, they started the toilet roll issues. we need a #nofoodshortages hash tag
I work at ASDA and pretty much same there
I agree, it was actually quite calm when I did mine this morning too
You’re a grade A idiot.
Or maybe old photos of the first lockdown
same here
Its true I've been to a couple of shops and all is normal. People.should stop spreading BS on the internet
The Brexscum card ai not much better by the looks of it #lastgasp #fuckup
Tesco pickup this morning too with complimentary mince pies.
Same here, partner popped into Sainsburys for a paper and they had not got much left in fruit and veg department. Maybe they did not order enough, the shop is certainly not busy. Got everything we wanted from Asda, Aldi and Lidl
Waitrose in Wandsworth had very little fruit and veg at 3pm. No lemons!
Agreed @Tesco #tesco Archer Road #Sheffield today no #panicbuying all shelves very well stocked, staff friendly, helpful, clean, faultless
Went to tesco yesterday to pick up meds, lots of lovely fruit and veg, and great to see British too. Xx
The only thing we could not get in Morrisons was fresh sprouts but we could not last year either.
Most panic buying occurred in South east last time.  It will likely be the same again.
Canary wharf
You're right - I thought the same - although I was very early at 7.30 am.   Plenty of stuff on the shelves and a friendly Christmassy vibe.
Exactly the same here , just negative bullshit from our alleged award winning MSM , Boris should announce a let’s all laugh at the Media day
there's no shortage of supplies here in Berkshire,at least where we live......you could almost believe that the papers and Television news channels make up stories.......
No queues to get into Tesco’s, the only thing that was depleted were bottles of Budvar!
Or you could be in an area that has zero items like these lovely produce! I've been to four supermarkets in the last 48hrs or so & they've been bare to the bones in so many areas! Could not even get more than 2pt mils bottle because people are being driven to this stupidity panic
No supply issues in North Hampshire either
Markies was fine yesterday and two days ago. Do not know what all the fuss is about!
The biggest panic buying casualty in my Tesco is Bailey’s Irish Cream
Good for you, I went to my local Morrisons this afternoon and could not get anything I went for. Ended up with frozen mince to make my dinner with as no fresh chicken or mince left. Hardly any fresh fruit or veg here either.
Exactly the same in Suffolk, shops were also quiet and people were respecting the rules. I was expecting carnage and instead it was very pleasant for this time of year.
I'm from the South East and we had full shelves and no queues in our local supermarket too.I guess the tabloids are bored
Good to let people know that there is not a mad stampede to panic buy as the media try to tell us otherwise, more people should tweet if they find the same, the papers want us to panic buy to use as another stick to beat Brexit and Boris with, hope we all remain calm this time.
Have u seen this @Kevin_Maguire
Where I've heard about empty shelves it's been London. After travel cancelled my daughter went to try and buy food but shelves empty . It improves as ppl panic less. Let's face it a government who cared would have seen this coming.
Chances are it's your local area. No issues in Tier 4 London. Actually quieter than it normally is the week before Christmas.
Thanks for sharing hopefully that’ll go some way to stopping the panic buying!
Well said.
That’s a fair one
My kids in London report empty selves in the supermarket and 150 people in queue at the butcher's shop.
just Sainsburys then. probably one shop in a remain/labour/libdem area. run out of avocado and soya milk.
People are fed up of Brussels
I’m sure one of the other supermarkets had plenty or local shops
Same for me yesterday. I'm in Tier 4 and Tesco's yesterday may have had the odd brand of certain items missing, but staff were working flat out to ensure the shelves were filled. I got everything I needed for Christmas.
Come back next week with more pics
Or you could go and take your own.
Asda and Iceland no queues today, quite surprised if I'm honest, may be something to do with people not being able to have relatives round, so needing less.
which shop?
The leftie scumedia have started this.
Yes, the supermarkets near me have started to run out of fresh veg and fruit.
Just been to @Tesco Express for milk and would you believe it, stacked full on the shelves were lettuces, other salad stuff and fresh fruit and vegetables... I picked up 2 Romaine lettuces, a bag of parsnips, carrots and milk... No Panic here in SE London
Scum media trying their best
I've been to 2 sainsbury's today, Both with full shelves. Stop believing the lies.
Yup! @Waitrose and @LidlGB for me today. Staff busy keeping the shelves stocked.
No just the one, why has it annoyed you Paul, that I stated truth about tesco in my area..My post, tweet what I like if you think it's irrelevant, I just dint care tbh
Same here in Newcastle!
Yes there’s a weird aura of calm generally. Well done, us !!
The produce shelves are empty in sainsbury at 2:00pm this afternoon
Agree that is what I saw too.
I went to Tescos in T4 earlier. No shortages and till queues no problem.
Luckily I did my panic buying before the panic buying started
Why doesn’t Iceland have celery on online shop?
Any Christmas Puddings?
I didn’t look. I got mine from Waitrose a couple of days ago. They had so much Christmas food to choose from.
I've just said similar Suzy. No panicking in NE Yorkshire either.  I wonder if it's an attempt to provoke panic buying?
Good are not we. I'm on holiday until the 7th too. I'm a checkout person. Organised as I always miss the family party. Was organised BEFORE the chaos so still no party but 18 days off in a row.
Do you deliver?
Thats good
was in lidl and Iceland today there was about as much as is normal for time of year
The 'panis buying' story is because all the restaurants are unexpectedly closed and there is a huge glut of fresh food in the pipeline.If its not sold it'll go to waste, so the public must be panicked into buying it.Thats the real story.
Not in mine either.
Not much entertaining going on I guess!
Same, except for toilet rolls. Wtf is it with toilet roll
No problem in N.Ireland either. Msm trying to cause hysteria and panic is disgusting!
No real problems at Tesco yesterday.  Saw someone today on the High Street with a trolley full of toilet rolls.  Not sure which shop he'd been in!
Just bought Lidl sprouts, only14p a pack and British. To be fair l think that is too cheap but no shortage.
I saw the same in Waitrose.  It was very civilians well stocked.  And I got some bargains.  Very happy.
‘Civilised’.
Plenty in our Asda too, it was busy but not I can’t cope with this busy... and I have had that several times over the last few months! The scan and go checkouts were empty, plenty space in the self scan... and weirdly long queues at the actual check outs heaven knows why
Take not buyers at woke @sainsburys with empty shelves.
@sainsburys are good at scaremongering customers into panic buying. Why wouldn’t they be, their food prices are over inflated for a reason & it’s not for the benefit of their staff!!
Dont believe  the leftist media they wsnt us to panic.  Agenda. #DefundTheBBC
7 hours later dreading going to our local supermarket........ nobody in!! It was a breeze.....
Yep, collective eye roll and boycott.
Chuck us a lettuce over... the only item not in my delivery
It’s actually just a busy week...plans have been changed therefore  every bubble is fending for themselves...
None here either. It’s all media BS
Absolutely .....same here Dawn
Hope it's like this in London have not done my shopping yet. Merry Xmas
T4 here. Other half does the shopping. No problems. Queue was short outside chemist but sadly each customer was there to buy perfume, so took ages.  Plenty on shelves in supermarket.
Yep, Sainsbury’s played a blinder “how can we get rid of all this stock? I know, tell the public we’re going to run out” sorted!
No panic buying here in Lancashire either all shops are calm and very well stocked....no sign of any panic buying...Media Scaremongering.....
No panic buying yesterday in Evesham either. Loads of veg and shelves of turkeys.
Empty shelves in Waitrose down south, fresh and dozen veg all gone.  The south are at it again.
The media have behave disgracefully throughout this whole pandemic!
It's the same everywhere it's been, busy but fully stocked, press trying to get people to panic buy to create a story, only shock is we have not
Going tomorrow's morning, gulp, I'll let you know. Suspect it will be carnage.
Earlier today it was ok, people were calm and just do not their shopping. Struggled to get a small turkey but that's inevitable I guess. No shortages at all.
It was fairly quiet and well stocked.
Not many flowers to choose from. Or any Plain and Cheese & Chive Pringles. I didn’t look for anything else.
No shortages, but quite a queue (Local M&S which is usually less busy as there are 2 huge cheaper supermarket next to it), went just to buy onion which I forgot to yesterday. But ASDA seemed pretty busy from outside. NW London.
I went into a small Sainsburys in West London, plenty of the majority of fruit / veg available.
Everything relatively fine at Aldi got everything I wanted, that was about midday, only so many allowed in store at one time. Queued for approx 20 mins to get in.
Thanks.
No shortages, shop was busier than usual but it is the run up to Christmas.
Low on fresh fruit and veg, everything else fine. No queue to get in.
Mrs Sims is a lucky lady
Went to lidl this morning,  all normal no queue. Plenty of fresh fruit and veg. But no loo roll, ffs what is the loo roll fetishism all about.
Just had our shopping delivered and there were several substitutes, but all were the same product, just larger more expensive packs. It seems stocks of the smaller, cheaper Christmassy items may be running low, but it is almost Christmas
Hope so for you, Merry Xmas to you too
I just got back and I dived into the biggest pile if sprouts I've ever seen.My idea of heaven, mixed with BASTARD thick onion gravy
Did you get given them for the price of the cheaper ones?
Same in #northshropshire yesterday. Usual holiday shoppers, no signs of panic, no queue to get & in or out. Shelves well l stocked, didn’t see an empty shelf. Only annoyance was wearing a mask.
Penzance Tesco 1500 - shelves full, bit of a run on turkeys and alcohol, but plenty helpful staff restocking where needed, no queues at checkout, no hassles, no panic buying, all pretty laid back - that's me done till Sunday!
2-3 are enough for me but you can fill your boots...there’s tonnes out there
The place that IS struggling with empty shelves in my town is Wilco’s - I overheard their manager saying lots of stock is stuck at Felixstowe on containers. Not Christmas goods, just things like throws, cushions, household goods.
Wilko’s ... no idea why my telephone thinks it is Wilco
Husband reports no shortages in Marks and Sparks, but unusually, he did nearly get into a fight in the car park so that was exciting
Yes, all seems fine here to
What made him restrain himself today?(Sorry, just messing around. There were two ways to take that statement.)
They need to sell or have links to the big supermarkets to make money
Same experience in Sainsburys Nine Elms today at 12 noon. No queues and plenty of food, meat, veggies, etc...
No shortages
Yes I noticed people had less in trollies me too, I stopped buying necessary stuff
Most of the posts I have seen seem to be from supermarkets in south east.
You may get some the morn hopefully
Well atleast you've been reminded  I forgot my bird's-eye trifle, I'll have to go get one, I ca not have Xmas without it
Our local Tesco even Marks and Sparks was packed with all the food. Sainsbury’s are the only ones seemingly to be in trouble. All lies from them again. Must say though it was packed with people closing all shops in tier4 had mad it even more mental in Tesco the big one.
Totally agree
I'm in a tory area but not the Kensington type, im in area which was once  Labour stronghold
The press have hardly helped, reporting it in such a way as to create fear and panic buying. The sensible people know to listen to the experts who have all said that there is no shortage or reason to panic buy.
Went to Waitrose at 7:45 this morning (15 minutes earlier than usual).  The fresh fruit & veg aisles were slightly busier than normal but the other aisles were virtually clear of people.  No shortages, although I thought the pasta shelf was a little more sparse than usual.
Ye obviously havnae visited oor supermarket. N = 1 isnae a proper sample size.
Yes it did not feel. Like the usual Xmas shop week, it was relatively normal
We did an early Tesco shop this morning. Shelves full. No problems. What veg we needed that wasn’t British was from Kenya.
Huge queue outside majestic wine in North Yorkshire. Will try again early tomorrow.
Went to Lidl and Asda in Falmouth, no real issues. Plenty of veg and most things. Only thing I noticed in Asda was some of the cheeses had sold out or not been restocked on the shelves.
Yes it fejt calm,not complaining as the normal Xmas shop is stressful
Same experiences for me. Sainsbury's normally stocked and no queues at the till
It's fine. But are you in Welshpool?!
No shortage where lve been
Nor here. Never seen supermarkets so quiet at this time of year just before Christmas. More fear-mongering by MSM.
Sainsbury. No shortages at all.
Yes you are good sorry no party for you, but enjoy yiur6wekl deserved 18 days off. Hope you have a nice Christmas too
Trouble making as usual
No need to panic jen !
Went to Morrison’s in Gamston (Nottingham) very busy shelves fully stocked except no lemons and very few limes! Queued for a couple of minutes at the checkouts
Big Sainsbury’s this morning. Same abundance as always. Not particularly crowded.
Didn’t Kevin Maguire go on a scare campaign about there being no vegetables? Just look in the Mirror Kev
Apparently another journalist who lives near him said it’s bolloxMust have used pic from last lockdown Should be sacked
I've bought some English sprouts, and if there anything like the last ones I bought, there going to be delicious.
Aldi in Standish Wigan very well stocked.
Morrison,s is the same .Produce full to bursting .Carrots  sprouts  parsnips dates till the 29th  3 bags for a pound .
Went to Waitrose in Banstead, Surrey. Queued for 3 or 4 mins to get in, with about 15 groups in front of me in the line when I arrived.Inside, about 2/3 of veg was gone, and all bananas.Most other stuff was still there - chilled, frozen, bread, etc.Good social distancing too.
Same with me. Shopping for a neighbour as well as our large family & no sign of queues or empty shelves. Hopefully THIS TIME all supermarkets will cap items IF people are once again silly & selfish. @sainsburys @Tesco @AldiUK @Morrisons @waitrose @LidlGB
All ok, but then I was buying vegan food stuff.
The north are more use to lockdown
Agreed i went to @LidlGB  this afternoon and there were lots of stock. Ignore the scare mongering
Went to a smal M&S food and all shelves fully stocked. Quite a queue but nothing I hadn’t anticipated for this time of year and it moved quickly. They delayed it slightly to allow time for some restocking.
My Sainsbury’s yesterday was like a scrum! No shortages but at least one shouty fight broke out #stress
Me too. But we already have the stuff for our Christmas dinner and the stockpile we built up in the summer for Brexit (lots of toilet roll LOL). So we should manage.
Local Aldi, which was according to Google slightly busier than usual.It was not. It was busy and full of gormless morons not paying attention to distancing or much else tbh...I think they'd sold out of chainsaws and I could not see any scuba diving kits. Food supplies were fine
I was trying to imagine what activity needs both a chainsaw and a scuba diving kit. Thanks for making me laugh, even though it may well have been inadvertent.
A large Sainsbury’s - 8.30 am. Busy (like a Saturday rather than a Tuesday morning). No queue to get in, plenty of fruit, salad, veg, turkeys. No obvious shortages of anything. Seemed like a typical run up to Xmas day.
Me too only slight difficulty in getting sprouts everything else fine
My husband popped into Sainsbury’s and Lidl earlier in search of Calvados no panic buying and not busy but no Calvados.
Did Aldi last night about 10pm and same there too. It’s a credit to the shops also. They had two trucks making deliveries and they had night staff re-stocking after hours. top work from them all.
Sainsbury’s in Newhaven had pallets of veg!
Sainsburys Whitley Bay, C and C had some subs, so I went in the shop and everything was restocked so got what I wanted. Normally busy for time of year.
Same here. Cashier said the are well stocked and stockpiled
Well saidx
People have realised that the wrath and potential beheadings in the car park is not worth it after the last fiasco in March.
Big queue outside Tesco this morning at 10am. Turned around in the car park and went home.
Same here Essex/Herts border
Everything looked pretty much normal at Tesco about 30 mins ago aswel, the toilet roll isle had pallets and pallets of there own brand, maybe people have been stocking up again
It was just that greedy @sainsburys lot putting the word out about short supplies, eyeing a big of pre-Christmas panic buying profiteering to boost the coffers of the shareholders.
Only smaller chickens and smaller turkeys not available in my local Sainsbury’s. Everything else fine. That was mid- afternoon.
No panic buying @waitrose in Newark. Long queues to get in, but good availability. I believe this will change over the next few days, but actually having to form a long, orderly queue outside seems to make it less chaotic inside.
Morrison's where I live had no sprouts, cauliflower, or satsumas  this morning
Went to a biggish Tesco at 7pm this evening, no apparent shortages as far as I could tell
Shhhhh the BBC might hear you...
Only person in Tesco metro shelves full
I went yesterday to my local tesco and it was all very civilised and all shelves were full. Looks like the media have failed to whip everyone into a frenzy despite their best efforts
Tesco delivery this pm. so picked from shelves between 12 and 1. Two substitutions - 6 assorted size eggs delivered, box of 10 ordered. More satsumas delivered than no. clementine oranges ordered. Salad veg all present and correct. Only omission was a specified pork pie.
M&S since we suddenly needed Christmas food. No shelf shortages visible. Not busy. Everyone wearing a mask.
was in Morrisons this afternoon and not too busy & we found everything we wanted  (did not notice what the lettuce situation was as i did not need lettuce)
Morrisons well stocked at teatime today, no shortages. A bit busy for a Tuesday but far from crowded.
Just been to Sainsbury’s inWhitchurch Shropshire. Lots of stock of everything that I could see. Especially fresh veg.
Same here in Felixstowe
does anybody actually need extra food if there are not extra mouths to feed. If xmas is cancelled so is the stupidly big food shop surely
No empty shelves in our Tesco either. We even had lettuce.
#Bristol
Aldi this afternoon. Queued to get in for a couple of minutes, shop not crowded. All shelves well stocked, and staff replenishing where needed. No queuing at the till, in and out in about 10 minutes. Got everything on my list.
Hardly any apples or citrus fruits in my tesco supermarket but plenty of carrots and potatoes.
Blame Kevin McGuire of the Mirror. He posted pictures of supposed empty shelves. I understand that it was in fact that the old stock had been removed before they had filled it up again with new in date product. Can’t trust MSM!
Was not like that at Morrisons, Totnes at 3pm today.
Was just chatting to my friend in Cardiff as she did her big Crimbo shop in Cardiff and she said it was empty (of people) and well stacked (of produce)
Same for Me loads
Same.
Same at Lidyl this afternoon.
Because we,  by which I mean our brave 17.4m (or however many are left!), are merely stocking up. I promise it will get worse with my Brexit!
Same here in Broadstairs Kent. Fully stocked , all done in 35 mins
Been to Tesco and M& S food stores in Pinner just now. Getting lower on stock in the smaller M&S but getting late in the day so one expects that. Otherwise plenty of stock.
I wonder if it’s because there’s so many online orders this year which is meaning fewer persons in supermarkets and simpler logistics overall?
And almost forgotten, bought peppers from Morrisons yesterday. I buy the 3 pack red peppers which was 95p few days ago for 1.25 yesterday. So, they are stocked but this is over 30%
5.30pm. Was exactly what the 2020 version of normal is. Normal busy. Normal very well stocked shelves. Normal gap on the shelf tho of the fresh rolls I like, but I've always considered getting them at that time a bonus anyway.
Same here in Aldi in cheshire
Oakham Lidl slightly busier than on a normal Tuesday, naturally enough. No obvious shortages.
Nowhere are there any shortages? Genuinely how could you possibly know this but for visiting every Tesco and Morrisons in the UK? Ealing Broadway Morrisons out of all fruit and veg midday today. Osterley Tesco no fresh meat 8pm tonight.
Me too! My husband has been to two shops! No shortage whatsoever! xxx
Same here even with a kg of carrots at 16p bags of snips 16p
Wonder if the Supermarkets start the rumour!!
Pretty normal in my local Aldi for the time of year.  More staff than usual to keep the shelves full.  All I could see that was obviously running low or in some cases sold out was chilled party food.
Shopping at 8pm I think it’s fair that all items might be restocked don’t you? There are generally no shortages. Honestly.
No Christmas puddings in Sainsbury’s.. Armageddon!
Nor here best Christmas shop ever !!!
Same here! Plenty for everyone.
I’ve just ordered online dilevery from the coop for tomorrow easy plenty of slots and nothing I’ve ordered out of stock  so alls good
Same Milton Keynes
And no panick buying here in The New Forest. We've been into tesco and lidl and the shelves are fully stocked. We have all we need  No thanks to Blackmailing Europe. We'll keep All our fishing rights thanks!!
Sainsbury’s around 4.30pm. Didn’t notice shortages and was pleasantly surprised at the number of customers. Expected bedlam and it was far from it. Not a deranged panic buyer in sight.
Is lettuce a Christmas food as to me, no ?Everyone just needs to be sensible. My local Lidi at 5pm was very quiet and not one item out of stock.I agree it's all been blown out of all proportions, typically by the media.
Probably want the business as they are loosing it fast.
Seems pretty full everywhere Suzy except where Kevin Maguire shops
As a counterpoint to that here's Waitrose in Tower Hill after the #panicbuying vultures had picked it clean today. I also doubt it's related to solely to the christmas food shop unless there's an inordinate amount of people having oranges, pasta and greek yoghurt for xmas dinner.
Same shops are quiet in Trafford.
Sainsbury's this evening largely out of meat and much of the veg. Lidl just up the road was fine.
Unfortunately for the MSM, there's a shortage of shortages to report on. So they'll possibly make one up.
..just come home from Sainsburys...22.10pm.....plenty of stock..
M&S food Hall, Essex, all fine. Ales low.
I find it so disappointing that there are people who are willing to whip up a frenzy for the sake of political point-scoring, knowing full well that it’ll be the most vulnerable in society who will be affected. And these idiots are supposed to be the “good” ones.
Waitrose Sidmouth midday. Didn’t notice any shortages. Wanted loose parsnips but they only had bagged but that’s no hardship. OH went to Exeter Waitrose this evening and said it was fine.
I have not found too many shortages, however, bizarrely, I've not been able to find sausage rolls (freezer stocks).
I was worried the offer on Ambrosia custard had run out as I did not wanna pay £1 each, but got 2 for £1.50. Always nab a family apple pie while I'm in there ...
Plenty of everything.
big caulies 39 pence.
I went around lunchtime. No empty shelves, but at least 1 person 'wearing' a mask under their chin, another not even pretending but also coughing without covering her mouth at all.
Same on our lidlTook my gum shield an boxing gloves today Was willing to do 3 rounds over the caulis They had loads
Morrisons in Tamworth - quietish and for me the best ever final Christmas shop for me. (I hate crowds & big queues!) Missing grapes, some veg, stella can packs and par baked bread.  Bit of a run on the pasta.  A few yellow ticket bargains to be had too.  Bonus freezer stock!
Aldi was fully stocked at 10pm, they had a good selection of European cheeses. The only things I could not get were a butternut squash, puff pastry and camembert.
Same at Aldi  & Tesco. Got all my Xmas day food & everything else in my list, no problem, including a lettuce & broccoli! Sprouts were only 19 p a pack! Sorted!
Same for us in West Cumbria Dawn, all the shops & supermarkets well stocked and organised  Merry Christmas
Aldi was the same
Not anywhere else, despite the fact a lot of people expecting to spend Xmas with others are now having to hastily shop for their own dinner
Same, I went Tesco this afternoon and they're fully stocked! Feel free to stack your trolleys with Pringles, they've stocked up on those a lot this year. They're all over the place
Market today.
M&S well stocked. Waitrose low on fresh fruit and veg.
Tesco and Asda in Cardiff exactly as you’d expect a few days before christmas. Asda had signs on ‘non-essential’ goods saying don’t buy them but plenty of people were putting them in their trolleys.
Yes every shop I go in has pringles piled high  maybes pringles is the UKs favourite crisp
But no broccoli or lemons!I'm going outside now, I may be sometime. Do not wait up.
Asda and Waitrose wasn’t short either. If anything they were selling off their veg cheap as they will be closing for two days. The only shortage I found was for Christmas puddings
It’s a way to make money and not waste any food not being sold
Same here. Morrison's had very few sliced loves, but lots of fresh vegetables. Reports of limited availability of frozen vegetables. And reports of panic buying of sprouts in Canada. So not just a UK thing!
I have just been to Asdas Dawn and was expecting empty shelves too. Got almost all I wanted and only empty shelves were the alcohol ones. This is in the North-East of England at a town called Ashington, I thought I'd let you know that tv is wrong and is going to make panic buying
Loo roll fetishism ...
At Sainsbury’s only large Christmas puddings left. Sobs. Fresh veg gone. Plenty of loo rolls but don’t need any. Generally well stocked but very busy at 10 pm.
I think judging by all the comments Supermarkets are stocked well all over the country Ray. Thanks for commenting though, people need to know that the media lie. Merry Christmas
The Media have created the worst panic and worry this year, I do feel for some of the elderly that don’t go on social media to find out the truth.
Great shopping this year ay?
Yes I understand that, however I don’t think there was need for the media to do their scaremongering on empty shelves and food shortage which was a total lie  Merry Christmas
It’s seems there’s plenty of food on the shelves unlike the Media would wish people to think. Merry Christmas to you too
ASDA - absolutely fine. The odd idiot wearing a mask under their nose in the booze aisle.
I’ve just watched a fruit and veg market trader being interviewed, he said yesterday was no problem, today only two lorries came in and they were fighting for stock. Won’t be long before there’s empty shelves.
Hi Vixta, I am sorry to hear that you have not received the clubcard prices on your shopping. If you can take your receipt back to the store, my colleagues on the customers service desk will be able to assist you further. TY -Katie
A lot of them are old photos from wind up merchants.
All stocked full in my area too in Asda, Morrisons and Sainsburys !!!
bah plus de pq lol pensez à l eau aussi...qui mange pas fait pas kk ... qui boit pas meurt
None in mine either.  People obviously being sensible despite the very best attempts by the media to panic as many of us as possible.  Keep it up everyone - we are better than that !!
Similar experience except I forgot the coffee ........
Exactly!
Please note @Kevin_Maguire
And we wonder what drives the public into panic buying ..
The only shortage is in the minds of the likes of @Kevin_Maguire never let the truth get in the way of a good story !
All the vegetables I purchased had the UK flag as British grown produce so I do not see their logic on this. We're not stupid.
The point is, I believe, that fresh food once bought this week wo not be replaced with fresh food ariving from the continent.  So, people are naturally buying now before the shelves empty and supermarkets are not able to re-stock.  The failure of JIT distribution!
It does make it seem that the BBC are short of their marbles.
Definitely not a shortage of veggies working for the BBC
Nor ours, it was the most relaxed Christmas shop I’ve ever done. It’s just the @BBCNews scaremongering as usual
Lets assume there is a shortage of vegetables they can only blame France there the ones that closed the border or are they putting their usual pro EU spin on it and blaming Britain
#DefundTheBBC
Same here with all the supermarkets I've been to. #ScumMedia have been bullshitting for days about food shortages, but no one seems to believe them anymore. @BBCNews @SkyNews
I have just been in waitrose and Iceland. Stacked full of vegetables ,more scaremongering #bbcnews
They live in their own little world of "make believe".
Hmmm panic buying yesterday by 8.45 in Waitrose ... both Brighton and Hayward’s Heath .. no Turkeys... managed the last one ... refilling shelves later on apparently.
Sprout-ing lies
Well said Susan very the same at M&S Whitstable.
The shortages will be in France.
My local Sainsbury's fully stocked despite the increased demand due to Christmas Covid changes. It's almost like some people are trying to make people panic buy for a political reason.....
TESCO in Shrewsbury normal too. Shelves full, diesel pumps and ATMs not working as ever.
Hi Hayley, we're really sorry to hear that you're finding it difficult to get Cravendale. Can you please DM us which Cravendale you're looking for and your postcode and we'll take a look for you?
That’s coz they get all there’s delivered = not been out in the real world
Plenty of vegetables in the BBC propaganda studios
Or should that be sprouting lies? I'll get my coat.
Went to Tesco this morning and it was fully stocked.  No queues.  All very organised.  Same with M&S
Haha True, I’m  just over the border
Seems that was quite unusual by the responses from all over the country. Hope you managed to get sorted. Merry Xmas!
Got all mine at Asda last night, no shortage of anything
The supermarkets have it covered & have planned well in advance for this. The reports of mass shortages are just more clickbait & knee-jerk stories designed to worry us. That said I did 'panic buy' two bottles of Graham's 2015 LBV Port on offer at £8 in Morrissons - a steal!
The bbc is trying to spark panic buying so that they can blame brexit.
must just be the selfish wankers in waitrose taking all the extra stuff then
If there was going to be a Shortage Supermarkets wouldn’t be selling veg off at under 20p #panicbuying
I've done a week of visiting supermarkets within a five mile radius of where I am (seriously) and not seen any sort of panic buying or shelves stripped bare. I was expecting to see something, but my need to find out has so far resulted in  just regular pre-christmas normality.
Indeed! Panic buying ones booze preference when on offer is not only allowed it’s admired! Enjoy
I would not believe the BBC  about anything now all they keep doing is pick up on any crisis and exaggerate it. Vegetables are plenty, food is plenty and even toilet rolls are on the shelves http://too.So throw away those newspapers they wont be needed after all lol
I have not bought a newspaper in months.   Nothing but printers of lies.
Slight queue in Waitrose yesterday but everything available. No evidence of panic buying!
There’s no shortage of vegetables in this @Conservatives government
Even worse ..look at the Mirror front page..an utter lying shambles of a paper. Has nobody told them Macron caused this not Boris..
@BBCBreaking your fueling the fire to defund you, @BBCPolitics time to change the narrative and start promoting positivity instead of gloom.
I don’t watch BBC’s news anymore. It’s not good for my blood pressure!!
Utter tripe. We've just left Morrison's and I can assure you there are no food shortages. Plenty of fresh fruit and veg, no panic buying. I would not trust the lying BBC as far as I could throw them.
Definitely no shortage of vegetables at the BBC!
BBC office party
If you run short of vegetables there's always plenty available   in one of these locations !  @BBCNews @BBCPolitics @BBCBreaking @BBCHughPym @bbcnickrobinson @bbc
Morrison’s full of vegetables
No stock  problems in Leicestershire either.If you put a headline or news mentions panic buy, people will,However it seems people have learnt their lesson from the very 1st lockdown
There are plenty at the BBC.
I can ride for 6 minutes on the bicycle in any direction and find fields full.The BBC are lying - again.#DefundTheBBC
My son went into Tesco's in Carmarthen on Monday evening and said it looked like it had been ransacked so went to Aldi instead which was fine. Guess you just have to pick your shopping experience.
Should not that be "sprouting lies"?
certainly not a shortage at the bbc, its all full of cabbages
Nor mine , ( Teesside) shopped in Aldi yesterday , had everything anyone could possibly want. Aldi ..
Nothing new for the BBC.
At Tesc0 & Lidl this morning all shelves were piled high with all veggies no shortage and no panic buying; the MSM are lying as usual
It's true. Though I had a strange delivery item; too small to be a cabbage, yet too large for a sprout. The dawn of the new reset...
Just been to Tesco.  Shelves full
They're giving them away in supermarkets they've so many 20 p a pop.
Lidl & Morrison in Goole were rammed with fresh fruit & veg today like every other year
None in the 2 supermarkets I was in earlier.
Rationing?? Have they gone nuts?
They’re a bunch of wet lettuces
I loved the one about the Lettuce only being the tip of the Iceberg
Defund the BBC
I went to Aldi this morning and the shelves were full, and they had 2 pallets in the middle of the aisle full of boxes of fruit and veg.If that's a food shortage then ill eat my hat
Yep I’ve been in3 supermarkets this morning there’s plenty of stuff!
More MSM lies ....
Aye, same here in Middlesbrough
Supermarkets are all well stocked.
Tony Blair loves a WMDWhy hasn’t he gone after the BBC yet?
There’s so many and they are really cheap. Thinking of buying more cooking then freezing during time off to make healthy easy meals for new year. Frozen veg just isn’t the same.
Same old MSM bollocks . Spread fear and panic . We know people are dying and it’s kicking off at Dover , but the shelves are full, supply chain has it covered and more people are recovering from COVID than dying but the MSM dont report this .
I think they must mean the leftie variety
Tesco, Sainsbury's and Waitrose are fueling the lies by saying they are rationing items.
there is plenty of them in holyrood.
Fantastic news. I got my order yesterday. I did not go mad and everything came, but I think it was picked overnight.
Been into Sainsbury this morning shelves are packed
Iceland has full shelves
My Aldi carrots are quite short this year !
Its always the case every year. My lot like the ones with icing on and I have to buy them about mid December as there wo not be any left by Christmas week. They do not like homemade ones
Just been in sainsburys and it’s teaming with veg!
Can confirm this also! Had to pop into local Tesco for cat and dog food, no shortage of anything there... lettuces as far as the eye could see !
Only because people panic buying
Irony is a lot of them seem to work at the BBC.
No, l have not seen a shortage today, prob wo not be one tomorrow either of veg
Morrison’s Huddersfield - full shelves, no panic, no queues. BBC (and the whole MSM) desperate to frighten us! As Brexit and freedom gets ever nearer, the more hysterical they get - Project Fear in action. Pathetic.
Went into Asda Bristol today and the shelves were overflowing with everything
There never will be!..
Our Tesco was fully stocked today so this `shortage' must one that has yet to come to pass, if at all.
Oh the lettuce shortage horror!
@RaineyVic's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. https://Learn more.
Supermarkets in my area are all full of fruit and veg.
That's not true, there were no sprouts available on our shopping trip last night, I must say though I was overjoyed
All rubbish.. Mine eas fully stocked this morning.
Plenty of vegetables on the BBC
There's plenty in Parliament
There isn’t one !!! Now that is a shortage !!
British Brainwashing Corporation
The BBC & SKY are scaremongering again, but because of their previous track records a lot of us are a bit cynical, my local supermarket this morning was overflowing with the very stuff the media are saying is in short supply.
Yet
Oh yes there is and they're not behind you.
How the f did we win a war. Come to think of it, what would we do now if we had one, lay down and die I guess. Why do so many people run down this country and still want to live here.
Been to farm shop lots of vegetables fruit no empty shelves, also been to Barnsley Town Market lots of vegetables etc stop scare mongering msm papers and not least BBC
Politics, media and academia are full of vegetables.
Just been to Asda shelves stocked full of everything including bloody lettuce.We got absolutely everything we needed.Oh and no panic just folks doing their xmas shop.
The only vegetables are working for the bbc
Stores in Cardiff are well stocked and being topped up by a constant flow of stock in cages which are filling the aisles
If there is bread and butter no one will die I promise
They think the only way foods come to Britain is through France !!
Lincoln.
That’s the BBC for you always looking to start a panic where there isn’t one or where there’s no need for one
The first 4 words are all you had to say
Our local Morrisons is piled high with vegetables. No shortage of anything on the other shelves either.
So if all these supermarkets have been selling  veg and meat with the farmed in uk stickers on why all of a sudden are we supposed to have shortages?. either they are sticking the badges on and lying or lying g about shortages to sell off their surplus stock
No shortage of vegetables on the news desk.
Buy the sprouts they probably come from Lincolnshire
The food is stacked so high in our local supermarket that it is literally sliding off the shelves.  No panic buying of anything.
Nipped out to local sainsburys no crowds or lack of anything tbh
I agree. There are always too many vegetables!
Tesco’s an hour ago
None whatsoever!!! All Christmas deliveries were made!!!
No there isnt one.
BBC News Staff have probably never heard of nor come into contact with frozen vegetables.
Total claptrap...usual lies
Why don’t they do an article on how british farms are producing the vegetables.I suppose it doesn’t fit the narrative @BBCBreaking
Not in my fridge.
Don’t you mean sprouting lies
I went to Tesco today. Carpark was full but no queue to get in and plenty of stock on the shelves. I can only presume all of the cars belonged to the staff as there seemed to be more staff than customers.
They say no loo rolls. I beg to differ
Shouldn’t that be sprouting ...
I can confirm there is no shortage of fruit or vegetables
Not in the Labour Party anyway...
Try the house of lords
Did Aldi, Asda and Sainsbury's today - mountains of produce in all three.
I know total bollocks
Even if there are any shortages in shops, its nothing new. This just came up on my Facebook from 2017..
Loads in Aldi and Tesco when I went this morning. Not very busy either. That was 8am though
Yep - I was out today again, plenty of them
The shops are full to bursting here x They just trying to get rid of it  now xx
plenty in coop
Who has taught the youth of today to hate their country?
Plenty of vegetables at the BBC....
Bought today - British Cauliflower, Carrots and Parsnips.
No you are correct, plenty of vegetables about, mostly masked up...........
SNP MP Peter Grant did the same thing this morning, he should be promoting BUY LOCAL EAT LOCAL instead of trying to frighten his constituency!!!
There were sprouts everywhere this morning and frankly it was quite disappointing that they had not all gone...
Sod the garden give me beef
Not in our shops in Kent . Tescos is overflowing
tell me about it i just got 2 large caulis instead of 1 in my online order
Maybe if the BBC is looking for new presenter's there is? Ha ha ha cheers
Asda this morning 1/2
Asda this morning 2/2
I buy British at every opportunity don’t you worry
We had no problems, supermarkets full of food and always get veg from the farm shop anyway, and our milk tbh. They’re just scaremongering to make a story
No shortage at all there is Hancock Johnson and all the other vegetables.
Ditto
Supermarkets shelves are stacked.
Spouting lies about Sprouts !!
The BBCs run by vegetables that's about it
There is a shortage of vegetables..... they’ve all gone to the BBC.
Lots of them at Westminster!!
How WILL we survive without our Mangetout
Sprouting
No shortage, they all work at the BBC
I’ll have a portion of sprouts left on Friday. Free to collect
My Mrs has just been to Tesco’s and Morrison’s and there’s loads on the shelves.  Bullshit media panicking the public again.
Certainly not on the BBC.
Same for Morrisons in Birmingham.
Most of them work for the BBC
Well, there's no shortage of vegetables at the BBC.
Spouting or sprouting
Exactly. There isn’t one.....vegetable in my local Tesco.
No empty shelves in my Tesco.
What else does the BBC do except spout lies?
There isn’t a shortage, or there isn’t a vegetable?
Do we not grow veg in this country?
Plenty of produce here in my neck of the woods, North West England. Tier 3.
M&S tonight, fully stocked.
Loads of veg in Lidl today ....
What-no vegetable?
Nope definitely no shortage they all running around wearing masks
There certainly is not on the Labour front Bench..!
Of course  there is not there s plenty at the bbc!
Anyway, it's broccoli and lettuce. I think I can live without them!
Never watch news reports from #BBC #SKY or #CH4 now. I find that bias & inaccuracies get in the way of truthful reporting as you’ve stated here.Went to my local supermarket & it was fully stocked with veg & they had staff continually filling the shelves.
Ironically there’s no shortage of vegetables working for them.
Got my last food shop today. Got all i wanted no problems citrus friuts, veg & salad supplies all ok no problems.
Perfect opportunity for a pun and say “sprouting” but never mind, maybe next thyme
There is not, been to 3 different supermarkets today. One of which was a bit empty last night but full today
There's certainly no shortage of vegetables working for the BBC on TV news.
It’s ridiculous. I’ve got everything I need. All shelves stocked to the heavens.
Our local Tesco Express has plenty. As have the independent greengrocers nearby. Do not panic. Starvation is not imminent.
Spouting or sprouting!
Agreed - just look at the Labour front-bench, full of them
There are several at the BBC Carol, love.
And let’s face it. We love meat, roast potatoes, Yorkshire puddings, stuffing and gravy. We just eat the veg to feel virtuous. Apart from puréed parsnip, red cabbage, sautéed sprouts with bacon and swede. That’s once a year you understand and they’re all here and waiting.
Definitely not in the Houses of Parliament
there is no shortage in Lincolnshire they are ploughing broccoli and cauliflower back into the ground
Certainly not at the BBC
Serious questions need answering about why @BBCNews creating panic buying @BBCR4Feedback
Did you mean sprouting !! Lol
Sprouting lies that should be lol
The BBC is full of Cabbages
Plenty in parliament and at the BBC
We should have a collection of vegetables delivered to BBC canteen if they’re that short.
Went to both Aldi and Tesco and all the shelves were full - fresh veg, fruit and everything else. Not a sign of panic buying or shortages. Relative in Essex rang to say she went to Sainsburys yesterday and no fresh veg and very little fruit/ Something wrong somewhere!
Plenty of vegetables at Asda this afternoon, sprouts especially! Got everything I needed easily enough.
Even got a lettuce, and there were plenty of them.
The bbc have more vegetables than my local fruit market . .
There's plenty in Houses of Parliament
Keep calm n remain veggie
Probably not. Seem to remember in my youth we had seasonal veg, chutneys, pickles etc. none of this salad crap and rabbit weed leaves imported. I’m praying for a shortage of salad, my missus might give me some real man food then. Plenty carbs, starch, red meat, Mmmmm.
I wish there wasn’t a BBC!
BBC=BIASED BETRAYAL CORPORATION
Yes, I saw a tweet earlier from a British farmer, pointing out that we do actually happen to grow vegetables here too.I mean, who knew???
I used to turn to the news to cut through the social media noise and BS but now...
And #GMB
There may be a shortage if we all buy a pile and throw it a BBC headquarters
Plenty of 'vegetables' at the BBC.
Sprouting on again!!!
The BBC has More than its Quota of Vegetables !!!!
Went to my Tesco last night no cheese,no pasta (again) that’s not shortages it’s twats stock piling
Sainsbury in Bury St Edmunds quiet last night at 8pm. Shelves fulll.
Seems to be no shortage sitting in Parliament!
I watch the internet for the news a I would’nt believe the leftest propergander in any of the British Medea they have been backing there own agenda for years... especially the BBC there money they get from the EU. They are anti British
There will be if the BBC keeps saying there is!
What's to do with these people? Do not understand their thinking at all.
It’s fake news again. There was no shortage in Asda @BBCNews
Top marks for trying BBC - but we are not listening to your bull any more
Mountains of them in our local Asda last night ...
The left rule by fear
Supermarkets here selling Christmas veg at 5p.........
Buy brutish from now on. No more cheaper?inferior goods from dubious sellers. Hooray.
The only thing I heard about it on the BBC was them reporting that there was not one.
I cancelled my license did how about you
Carrots labelled as British yet grown in Spain. How’s that legal
You don’t expect @BBCNews (and any other reporters for that matter) to do any actual fact checking to you? They just rely on what someone has posted on the internet
Nobody is allowed to entertain this year
Yes you are. 3 households can have a day together today (2 in Wales). Hope you’re  having a nice day.
But when he address the UK will he be just addressing England? Scotland gone their own way & I assume Wales will folllw suit? No panic buying from me, I will be in blinking work!
NS has already addressed Scotland they’re in LD till end of Jan - I assume it’s just us and Wales - we’ve been in self imposed LD since last March so no change from us
That's true, I got enough Christmas leftovers to last until March
Too late! Its already started. No delivery slots available from my local Sainsburys until 10th January at 9pm, six days away.
It depends on where you live ours has all this week and next week available - when you do get a slot make sure you book day Sunday and then the following week so you know you’ve got an order - also just because none are showing doesn’t mean none free ...
We have more stock then normal at my store they filled the stockroom in case of no deal brexit.
thank you
Thank you for you and your teams  great work. We all appreciate what you do to keep us safe. Stay safe yourself. Debs xx
It’s unfortunate but people already are panic buying. State safe qld
We have just one case and the capital goes to lockdown, whereas NSW has been seeing spikes since May 2020, but the government made sure that it doesn’t cause any inconvenience to both public and businesses in managing virus without lockdowns. #NSWhealth and @GladysB
Great work cause panic, telling people they may be locked down for 30 days and then telling them not to panic - really!
What about the people fleeing Brisbane? Coming to the Sunshine Coast and Maleny to escape the lockdown. Should we be cancelling those who've booked @airbnb_au etc
Its only three days. It's like a long weekend. Take it from this Victorian, three days is nothing.
Any word on whether removalists are essential? Meant to be moving on Sunday...
This panic is your fault
Well done - Victorians are with you. Stay safe QLD.
...or at least an hour ago!
Too late...What did you really think would happen? People cramming into shops everywhere.
Thx Premier
Canned and frozen vegetables have just as much nutrition as fresh vegetables. Cans are the best things to stock up on as they are easy to store and can have a lot of healthy nutrition. Highly pasteurized cows milk will last a long time.  #lockdown
It’s so uplifting to see a leader take action in a way that keeps their people safe. Numbers are out of control where I live. Been a long few weeks here in the #UnitedStates #California
Why would you panic? Lockdown does not mean you cannot access necessary items. You know what fucks up being able to purchase necessary items? PANIC BUYING!
It's chaos at my local supermarket, not much of any social distancing happening here. Perhaps giving notice of the lockdown was a mistake
You caused this Ana with your overreaction to zero cases today? What are you hiding?  Surely your amazing health dept has tested traced and isolated this woman's contact by now?
Vic has had 39 cases this time around without a panicked lockdown
The State will be out of toilet paper by the end of the day.
Ahhh bit late, have you seen the supermarkets with zero people wearing masks because it’s not 6pm yet  hope there isn’t anymore cases but surely this right now is worse then the weekend being normal
No
Too late. Chaos
A lot of people on the Gold Coast do not observe social distancing. It should be statewide for wearing masks.
Too late the fear monster has bolted! Mass traffic, mass panic & fear everywhere and I'm in an outer suburb!
What's happening with retail?
Many, many people in Brisbane southside already wearing masks. Think the compliance rate will be excellent. Just picked up script at local pharmacy. They were running. So busy. Guess what was walking out the door in customers' arms?
Great leadership Premier!
Panic buying at Coles Kenmore
Too late to say don’t panic, it’s already started early this morning .
From personal experience, yes they are listed as essential work “logistics”, good luck with the move
Jesus man. Statewide? Why exactly would masks be mandatory in North Queensland from a single case in Brisbane? Surely we can be more sophisticated than this.
Have not we learned anything from lockdowns throughout Australia and particularly Vic and SA. No need to panic buy. Essentials are still available. Vic had months of lockdown and never had an issue of empty grocery store except for in March when people went crazy
Literally a perfect storm in Brisbane now!
There is no need to panic and lockdown
Is Queensland ready for online learning in case of a larger lockdown?
Tell that to the 100+ people in line at Aldi Acacia Ridge. Maybe if your dont put people into lock down after 1 local case this would not happen
When are you going to give us today's statistics?
Well that was smart, was not it?
Thank you. You are the fearless leader we need. What’s the plan if we actually get a case today?
I cannot believe people are rushing out panic buying.  AGAIN.  So silly.  We have learnt nothing from last March/April.
I just wanted to buy three days worth of food so I wouldn’t have to go out during the lockdown. The lines to get in to the shops were so huge I left. Now I will probably go to the shops during the lockdown but I’m hoping there will be hardly anyone there.
Wear a Mask #Brisbane
Yeah and NSW still has cases burbling along weeks later, just like Crossroads, and all states closed borders, disrupting travel plans for thousands.Great to see QLD showing leadership, like SA. Shredder is an ideological basket case. She and Scooter can get in the
Horse.Bolted
Thanks for keeping us safe mum!
Thank you @AnnastaciaMP these people are mad...and most of them not wearing masks.
They wo not be available cause people are gonna panic buy it all I'll just stay home with microwave popcorn till the crazy dies down and social distancing will become more possible
Folks goin' a little cray, cray...
Yeah, who could have seen this one coming?
Just as a side note, if you've got no medical conditions going without food for around 14 days and drinking 1.75+ litres of water per day is actually really good for you.
Melbourne survived, our bums are clean, you got this!
Already happened
Coles at mount Warren park approx 8.45am this morning total chaos people now lined up outside the shop along front of centre toilet paper 1 per transaction
Woolworths & Coles must introduce item limits. This is the only thing that worked in Melbourne.
Who would have thought this would happen?  I mean, it's only been 10 months right?  We ca not possibly think that supermarkets and the government have learned anything...  I'm not sure who is stupider, the people doing the buying or the people doing the selling... Or the lawmakers
"2 weeks to flatten the curve"
Read the play from NSW.  Many testing and 14 day quarantine have stemmed from supermarkets, bottle shops and shopping centres.  We are in a critical stage.  Indoors, no masks and no social distancing is not a good outcome.  Supermarkets offer deliveries and click and collect.
Agree re panic buyers. Mask mandate should've been effective immediately. Virus ca not tell the time. Can we finally admit that flights from the UK are too high risk for our populated cities? Send them to Howard Springs or Christmas Island. Or pause them all together.
But only  for  Queenslanders
0 cases today apparently
Just had to get milk as I was almost out and the queue was ridiculous! And no bread
Is travel to and from Brisbane Airport through the restricted LGAs permitted?
Glad this response is vigorous. Shops are crazy right now tho.
Remember everyone this is all because of the science.......
This explains the "sell by" date on the carton.
This is good but as we all know, contact tracing and social distancing isn’t enforced very well.  Restaurants don’t check details there are no staff dedicated to watching distancing in queues in major shops anymore ... then we shut down
This is all money related.. government knows they will make money by sending QLD into panic. I work at Coles and I couldn’t believe it!! Trying to keep us safe BS! How come a quarantine worker is even allowed to leave work putting the public at risk! Keep them in hotel aswell!
Too late, was planning on going today anyway. Lines are massive, no parking, massive lines inside. Went to an Asian grocery store instead because screw dat
We better go in panic to a cafe, to enjoy it before the restrictions. I'm sad about my and everyone's weekend plans while there was no community transmission.
It took an hour to get into woolies and I was one of maybe 5 people out of hundreds wearing a mask
@AnnastaciaMP there will be no food left in Brisbane over the weekend.  Hence the panic buying
I've already bought 72 rolls of toilet paper today along with 10 boxes of tissues.
To be honest I believe there needs to be a better plan when it comes to putting areas into lockdown. This whole panic buying needs to stop as its INCREASING the risk of this positive case spreading.
OMG you created this panic! Why not do your usual Midnight curfew whats with this 6pm screwing up everyone day about!?!
I think at least some of the buying is about making sure you have supplies so you don’t need to venture out if at all possible. A lettuce, some milk & some mince is fine. 25 loo rolls and 6 long life milks is not.
Bit late for that. There are probably more people at risk right now from all rushing to the shops than there would have been with a normal weekend.
Yup my local shops are screwed, car park is packed, cars queuing to get in, well done Anna great job inciting panic buying.
#annascluster
Positive steps. Go hard, go early has always been position from WHO. Look at those who failed to follow that advice. Good move Qld CHO and government.
The only solution is to send all international flights to Christmas Island do their quarantine there. Why hasn’t this been done already?
You go to the shops and tell um aunty Anna.
Thanks Annastacia! So glad you are our premier. Ready to make the hard decisions to keep Queensland safe
Message on television: “this virus is worse than ever, it’s VERY VERY infectious and we should be afraid of wide spread hence taking hard measures” => People get the message, are afraid and panic buy.
@chookz1801
Kenmore Woolies this morning was terrible for a relatively quieter spot. Went to get milk for my morning coffee. Glad I could manage to make a u turn home. Cars parked by the roadside upto 500m away from the designated parking lot. Get a grip people.
Loo rolls????
Dear Brisbane, it's 3 days, you'll be fine. Stop panic buying, enjoy some Netflix and PJs. Love Melbourne
What happened at national cabinet Anna?
From a fellow Brisbanite, we’re grateful for the lockdown. Good work on going early. Gladys could learn a thing or two with the constant spot fires she has going.
A true leader unlike Glad.
I do not think anyone's listening
Creating a panic then telling people not to panic is a hell of a position to take.
Will your government be providing financial support for those casuals who will lose shifts during the lockdown?
This was incredibly poorly thought out, all that has occurred is thousands of people now being in close proximity while they panic buy. The idea is great if it was not for human involvement.
The mask the magical wand hey? Your quarantine hotels are the spreaders dont get it?
I saw on the news everyone rush shopping and 3 people out of about 100 had a mask on
Everyone heads to coast creating super spreaders. It’s just so poorly thought out!
I suspect that the majority of shoppers are merely ensuring that they have sufficient food for their families so that they can stay home for the full three days as directed, not panic buying bulk food (although there may be the odd panic buyer).
Classic
I think next time we need to open with this when we lockdown. Sadly people just are not getting that panic buying is not necessary and it only causes more issues. My local coles has queues down the road. Great work though, keep it up and thanks for keeping us safe!
Is it problematic that half of Brisbane are coming to the GC for the weekend?
All the best to you buddy, we Australians feel for you folk over there
@whatgrantthinks
; the other half coming to the sunny coast
Selfish much. Better 3 days than 3 months. Everyone is disadvantaged, it’s for the good of everyone including casuals.
Because of the Premiers decisive action, it should not come to this.
It will be here for a while.  We need to learn to live with it.  Protect the vulnerable and everyone moves on.
You created this hysteria with your ridiculous lockdown.
@Fairgrieve01 @moffo47 ...
If lockdowns work, why the mask? If masks work, why social distance?
Perhaps a flyer or pamphlet Anna.
#We really need to overthrow the government they stopped working for us a long long time ago
THIS.  its a jungle out there
Why not? You've panicked  monkey see monkey do!
Think it’s too late
Why is it 3 days?
Must Lockdown and mandatory face masks  , dont rely on contact tracing , and stupid apps that font work . Also cancel all international flights, and hard boarder lock down with libral states is very important .
He'll resume carrying on like an opposition leader to the states in no time.
Sorry ca not stand to watch scummo, he's only looking for votes now
We can do this do not be like Melbourne and panic buy we all have to stick together but social distance of course  and masks wearing will help as long as there are no selfish fools that ruin it!! Xx
Too late I'm afraid.Panic buying at Gatton. 40 rolls of toilet paper in many trollies.Supermarket having to close at Nanango.Both obviously part of greater Brisbane...Sigh.
X
Scroto is doing what the Premiers told him  to do. As a leader he has no idea
Probably.
We were in lockdown for months in Melbourne and toilet paper supplies were fine once people stopped buying it in horde quantities! I’d be hoarding chocolates and wine.
Toilet paper run on?
Morrison is trying to change his tone as he is definitely thinking about an election early this year as he knows that he has a lot of his MP's are going to be held to account when an Federal ICAC gets started as ICAC is a moving Train he wont be able to stop so will go early.
Assuming everyone praising a snap lockdown has secure, WFH employment and no money or mental health concerns.
Ruling by fear. This is your making - suck it up. 1 local case & you close a city!! Complete over reaction. How does a 3 day lockdown hell when it’s a 14 day incubation period? Keep making sure your constituents live in fear so they keep thinking you’re doing a great job!
You always create problem for common, sitting in AC room, u just give statement yo kill common man, nothing is learned from. Melbourne where uncertain staff created havoc. Why not staff working in corontine is properly checked before they go in public. This is a hell
Yeah they are I didn’t know about lockdown until I went Aldi. That’s the line for the checkout
Just come out in any shopping mall in GB to see what u did.
Hi Anna will it be possible to make supermarkets timing longer..
Masks are a great idea but I suspect the panic buy is because many Queenslanders do not own masks or know where they can get them
#ScomoLazyPM is a papier-mâché' leader as best. Not to be applauded. Ever.
There was also no need to rush and panic to lock us down.
Good luck and best wishes from Victoria
Crazy hey Anna!
Sigh... .  Since when is Gatton part of Brisbane..
Move hotel quarantine out of high population density areas.
I think you are a Leader with heart  and very logical Thank You For Caring.
Well surprise, surprise! Sorry but he just announced that he will be back on holidays until the 18th Jan! Hmmm, only managed to look & sound like a leader for a short time today I’m afraid & many of the decisions decided no doubt came from state premiers too
Did he lol? I stopped watching. What a flog.
Sorry @HaydenJOConnor   Maybe he got a shot over the bow after seeing Trump go down yesterday.   I can only see him doing/saying anything that he sees is in his best interest - no one else's.   He has had too many chances to be a leader and missed them all.
Mandate masks in indoor settings.
Lol, a lettuce and milk was all I went to the shops for this morning- how’d you know?? Wasn’t expecting the crazy, ffs people it’s only 3 days and the shops will still be open!
'3 weeks to stop the spread'...... it's been a LONGGGGGG 3 weeks! I can only imagine how long these 3 days will be!!
But do I need a mask for exercise, contrary to what the WHO say regarding not needing a mask for exercise?#brisbanelockdown
Same here lines at my Coles and ALDI was out to the entrance/exit and my smaller shopping centre lines to the bakery. So from the last lockdown I thought people would have learnt what to do but I guess I was wrong?
It's too late
Spot on.  Scott Morrison’s first, last and only priority is Scott Morrison. Everything he does needs to be viewed through the lens of “how does this benefit Scott Morrison?”
Can confirm I have not been panic buying.
YOU CAUSED THIS.
lmao thanks anna
You're a legend Emma!
Being dragged or pushed to a position is NOT leading.
3 day lockdown... try 5 months!
Has the smirking shirker done a 180 to a) deflect from his obsequious relationship with Trump and b) leverage the “new strain” to cover for a lack of leadership during 2020?
Coles Cleveland had queues out the door  with no distancing. To be fair they did a really good job under the circumstances but the public were crazy
For anyone who is planning to make their own masks there are plenty of videos on YouTube. The pleated masks are the fastest and easiest to make.  #StaySafeStayOpen  #WearAMask
instructed and schooled by the Premiers I expect
I feel relief. I do not fully trust him. But our safety is in his hands and in the hands of all leaders.
Possibly.
A lockdown's not a lockdown without the mandatory 'fisticuffs in the TP aisle' footage.
Supermarket shelves emptying fast n went to couple chemists etc n can’t get masks. Panic buying is exactly what you get when govt enacts panic policy. Shut international border n open up nation.
Too late
Sniffs the wind does our Scotty. Still slow as fuck and shonky as shit.
Your overreaction, panic and hysteria due to one case has the public on edge again.
I saw one trolley with 50 frozen pizza’s and another with 20 bags of frozen chips. Both had a twin pack of toilet paper. Irresponsible... 2 rolls will not service the excrement from 50 pizzas and 20 bags of chips.
It's literally one weekend...and a shitty rainy one at that
1 case. Frontline worker (unsung hero) outed publicly. Lockdown. Chill out people.
And no rush to buy tickets to the Brisbane test match...it will be staying in Sydney. 1 active case, heavy impact on all BNE & your economy. As usual reactive planning from State Govts. Sooner you’re all gone the better. #2levelsofgovt
You should not have called it a 'lockdown' then. Great work, people are behaving like lunatics again!
Thank you, Premier, for keeping us safe.
Three days lockdown is not long enough. Qld needs to lockdown for at least two weeks to allow for undetected and asymptomatic cases to surface.
Remember. This is on Morrison for his risible inaction to get stranded Aussies home. He has left many in countries where covid is now beyond control. He takes no responsibility for a leaky inadequately built and maintained quarantine system, which has had multiple leaks already.
Yea, do not panic peasants. Only the government is allowed to panic and lock you down.
Thank you for the heads up. Our neighborhood has already locked down voluntarily. This morning we heard a jogger at the top of our steep hill wheezing. Hope he's okay.
Smart and a decisive action we in Vic hope this clears soon.
Karma
You knew this would happen. Don’t make it about individuals.
You reap what you sow.
I wished I could stay at a hotel since the start of the pandemic... :s
Oh thanks mum!
Rookies
Fucking panic buyers.  Do they not realise chances of catching Covid are significantly higher today with panic buying and no masks compared to mandatory masks tomorrow.....
Hearing about mobbed shopping centres today, but Garden City was quiet. I took my kids to the movies and there were 6 other people in the cinema. Outside food court was deserted and there were HEAPS of parking all around. Not all Brisbanites are losing their minds
also Coles still has home delivery and parcel pick up, I just ordered for Sunday.... be kind to retail staff, the deserve our respect and support.
The 3 days are to give qld contact tracing squad the time to identify close contacts of the one infected individual before the close contacts go out and spread it further. It's prudent, it makes sense and I fully support it.
Why? It’s just 3 days?
Bit late now
Hopeless
Nice to know the toilet paper craze wasn’t just a USA thing!
Even The PM came out and agreed the Brisbane situation was “serious”
Can i go to the airport on Sunday to collect my son? He is coming home from Cairns
I think your too late...
STOP THEM LEAVING IN THEIR CARS WITH POTENTIAL VIRUS ON BOARDIT IS FUCKING MADNESS
What did you think was going to happen when you gave 10 hours notice to a lockdown? FFS
Whatever do you mean??
“Calm down nobody needs to go out and panic buy.”*instantly idiots buy out everything creating a shortage that didn’t exist and wouldn’t have before.*
You created this rush and panic by not being transparent and for not running a proper quarantine.WHO IS PATIENT 0 ?  Why do not you know? #EpicFail #covid19qld #lockdown #qldpol
Please stop panicking. It'll be fine.
Too late lol
Thank you Annastacia People all need to take it calmly as shops still openThanks for looking out for us in QueenslandYouand your team are doing a great job
3 days ‘not’ stuck at home..! I’ll never understand why so many people shit themselves over ‘not’ being stuck at home and need to stockpile dunny paper!
Yep maybe take some of your own advice and not panic over one case!!!
What did you expect with this nonsense?
I just wish people would not panic buy. It's a short lockdown, not the apocalypse.
Well you did say go hard go early...
Close the borders!!!!!
Looks like they do not believe you A?
Especially on trade with China ... absolute jet..ffs
Lockdowns don’t work - look up and see people!!
50?? Cmon man
Hope everyone enjoys their 30 day long weekend that's sure to follow. This is just the warm up. Calling it now.
Free Mask distribution where needed throughout the community might help. You’re doing a good job
Thanks for making the right call at the right time
Can we leave home to buy masks even if we are meant to be wearing masks already and we don’t already have a mask?
And do not forget "Queensland hospitals are for Queenslanders"
The problem is that masks have never been mandatory in QLD, and you have made them mandatory, with only hours for people to get them or they can’t leave their house for 3 days. So people HAVE to buy either masks or groceries. I bought masks for work, others aren’t as lucky/wise.
wtf you're in QLD?
Thank you premier.
You created the panic by locking down for 1 COVID case.
Apparently people are driving up to Toowoomba to empty our shelves as well
Absolutely agree
You are doing the right thing. In the UK the Govt do nothing until too late, then stop restrictions before the nos are far enough dow. Result is a see-sawing of nos and continual deaths. Currently 85000 and >1000 a day. Zero Covid is the correct strategy.
The panic is a direct result of your public messaging. Revisit your communication and provide some real leadership.
tell that to the uk hun! we need people to stop panic buying (that was so march 2020 tho)
Wow really Anna, still expecting people to listen what a joke - don’t do this don’t do that please loads of people are clearly not listening but let’s tell them again like a parent would
Can only dream of such leadership here in the UK.
Good luck Brisbane
The city I grew up in is on full lockdown because of one detected case of COVID. ONE! Meanwhile in the UK...
Brissy girl here (also living in London) and I think it’s really good, gives them time to organise tracing etc, but it is disappointing seeing everyone empty out woolies (and fuel their cars???) for essentially a long weekend in the house.
Gold Coast will next lock down soon. A lot of people from Brisbane be here. So scary now
There is no need to rush out and panic lockdown.
“There is no need to rush out and panic shutdown” fify
He's gone on holidays.Again.
Yes except vaccine is possibly not effective against the south African virus and they should be going all out to prevent everyone coming in until hav clear picture
Can you please tell that to all the Coles and Woolies stores thanks? You know, the ones with most every shelf empty of essential commodities right here right now!
Everyone in Victoria
Mandates are only suggestions Anna
Yup. Especially the fuel???? It’s a lockdown, you literally don’t need it! The only upside to the multiple lockdowns here in the UK is everyone is so use to it there is no panic buying anymore
Because we’re a rich, predominantly white, country. We don’t cope with any form of suffering.
There's none here either, since around April last year. Everyone who got caught up in it has had sufficient time to reflect on their behaviour and how ludicrous it was. And yet - when faced with a 3 day lockdown, people go nuts again. The fuel is indeed BIZARRE! WTF?
To be fair, we've been pretty decent so far - it's not like we're the US ("but mah freedom!"). People in Melbourne did the hard yards with a lengthy shutdown, and they understood why it was necessary.
Actually I read an article about the panic buying. It can be almost irresistable regardless of how sensible you are. And it also fulfills a need to do something to prepare. I do not condone it but I (sort of) understand why it happens.
Yeah definitely, plus it does sorta force ppl who genuinely need something (like being on last roll of TP) to buy it beforehand and get more than they would usually cos they know next time they go to get some more it will be gone. It’s a vicious circle.
Hayden don’t get sucked in , he is in election mode
Fair call.
Loves a holiday.
Except they are not
Sudden abrupt change of strategy? No doubt it's an election year!
I just love that the guy in the black top has a trolley full of coke and nothing else #essentials #eatingscheating
Not with you on this one Hayden! Scotty is all about the votes at the 2021 election. Only three months ago he was hating on Queensland; the blokes a.......
Yeah I'm not with me on that one either hahahah
People will get used to lock downs.1st second lockdown: panic2nd lockdown: a little panic, mostly #Murdoch readers3rd lockdown: MehAlso people find mask wearing to be completely normalLove, Melbourne
I live in Melbourne and we were locked down for months - and did not run out of anything essential for long. Limits put on how many of some things but no drama.
An over reaction to match other states mask wearing rules! There is NO community transfer  in QLD of the new strain and borders r shut so to say we need to do this lock down is ridiculous! Why should 2.6million people go thur this from one cleaners mistake!
Supermarket shelves hit by Brexit port chaos and staff shortages as stores run low on fruit and veg
Or here in Dorset
Neither have they by me, media scaremongering again can’t wait to prove that leaving the EU was bad, clutching at straws
My wife has just returned from an Asda store, and has said that the fresh food shelves were full.
Remainers appear to have gone from us going into WW3, recession, lorry queues, house market drop, loss of global status, no vaccines..... all the way down to it now being a bit of extra paperwork and the Dutch confiscating ham sandwiches off a wagon driver .
Pathetic!
Our local Waitrose and Morrisons are stuffed - no shortages that I could see, also told local Aldi has entirely normal stock.
Just as the left do !
When did anyone on the Remain side claim WW3 was going to happen?
I predicted blackouts and false food shortages last year yet I got labelled as a conspiracy butter
I don’t disagree with you but it’s frigging carnage out there right now if you are trying to move food or animal feed around Europe from the UK.  I’m already getting questions about why I don’t move my operation out of the UK
Would that also count for the hardline Brexit newspapers such as the Express and Dailymail but also press such as The Guardian, SkyNews, Independent, Financal Times, TheSun, Daily Mirror and a host of local press?
Let them Remoan, whilst we languish in our new found freedom.
Worse maybe that their lies will create panic and actually cause the problem they are bleeding on about (kind if like everyone panic buying toilet rolls unnecessarily due to fear if running out hsppened)
Weird isn’t it. Happy to starve just to say I told you so. Morons. I voted Remain. I lost. C’est la vie. Now to make the most of it and move on. For the record I think I probably got it wrong in 2016 with everything I’ve seen since
No I have not
What has changed for you?
Not even London I have colleagues who live there All lies M&S ran out of slots after 3 hours of lockdown notification, that's allM&s have enough  food for six months delay
I have one of them on my case right now who seems very keen on pictures of supermarket aisles! Each to their own - as the saying goes. Each to their own.
Same here, I suspect that all those photos are from the panic buying period many months back which is borne out by the empty toilet paper shelves. Toilet paper is made in the UK and there is not a shortage.
Ah yes, famous remainer paper Daily Mail...
Yeah everything is perfect .... no carnage to see here.... those shelves are not empty ... you just got to get the bus out to the field and pick the veg yourself because we’ve deported the criminal Bulgarian farm workers... smell the freedom !
If you look at their posts Liz, love, it's always @sainsburys who've got nowt
Quite a coincidence there me thinks
Every phone has a data trace when used. It cannot be erased and can be used to prove times, dates and locations.It is a fantastic tool for catching out liars. You come across as unbiased and well informed, and I think your suspicions are fully founded.
Supermarkets here bursting with food and guess what... No queue!
Not seen any shortages in our area.
Its early days
Well said
I see in the paper today the Dutch are even taking sandwiches from our lorry drivers because they now can’t import meat or dairy products into Europe. How efin petty is that. Did our produce suddenly become infected on 1st January???
Shelves in Lidl, Ganges, south of France the other day.  Clearly Brexit related
Sooner or later the sad tossers will realise that they have to accept it. Whether they like it or not.
It's been really funny on here today. The remoaners are desperate to find food shortages and they hate the fact we now lead Europe in #COVID19 vaccine rollout thanks to #Brexit The best they can do is a HGV driver got stopped with a ham sandwich.
Nor here in Kent
I've seen no shortages. Main thing is to buy British and seasonal
And do not we know it.
Since 4th of jan we have had 50% of our exports to Europe returned, hours of paperwork. Total confusion  and a total pain. Government systems ncts new computerised transit systems are a total shambles.  class system in this country is worse than the eu? Why don’t we change that?