Tesco sparks panic buying fears after saying it is STOCKPILING food with UK on brink of No Deal
“For certain foods, in the short-term, they might… overall I don’t expect a huge increase in prices at the shops”Conservative MP Bim Afolami on prices if the UK and EU do not reach a trade deal#politicslive   https://bbc.in/374ietZ
I watched @BBCNews last night trying 2brainwash me into thinking imported #CheddarCheese will go up by 57% without an EU deal. 99% of CC consumed in this country,is made in this country, & will suffer no tariffs. The #ScumMedia need locking up. #DefundTheBBC
A company with one employee & an address at an apartment block secured a contract with the HSE worth over €14m Pandemic or no pandemic the HSE consistently has procurement issues
UK ministers warn supermarkets to stockpile food on no-deal Brexit fears - Sunday Times http://reut.rs/2JY1EmR
Supermarkets have begun stockpiling as ministers warn that no deal is becoming increasingly likely
Pls for the love of god, don’t use #tier4  as a reason to panic buy essential supplies. Essential shops will remain open.  #ToriesHaveFailedTheNation
Announcing a total lockdown in the UK's most populous areas on a few hours notice, 12 days ahead of the biggest disruption to customs, logistics, and the shipment of goods in thirty years, will in no way trigger panic buying and empty shelves starting about 45 minutes from now
With most online booking delivery slots fully booked there are fears the movement of London and the South East into Tier 4 could spark panic buying
UK Food Panic Buying Starting
Sky reporting the govt is "actively monitoring" how much food supply is left on shelves. "Potentially very serious", "Couple of weeks'." Why would govt brief this? It runs the risk of triggering panic buying.
mate of mine just called me from Spitalfields fruit & veg market in London. Said it was *carnage* last night. Panic buying. Traders pissed off no Xmas stock coming in from Europe. What a mess.
Seriously what choice have I got
Quite worrying that europe has now shut it’s borders to the UK. A great deal of our fresh food comes from across the channel. Hopefully people will be sensible and won’t start panic buying. We Just need to be cool and calm until we get past this next bump in the road.
Wonder if the supermarkets protect pre-booked Christmas orders against panic buying?For example if you have a delivery arranged for the 23rd with 2 bags of sprouts, what happens if all sprouts in the shops have sold out? Do they hold some back in warehouses for online orders?
If you cunts pull that shit with the toilet paper again, I'll be livid.
Is it just me, or have @sainsburys shown a high level of irresponsibility throughout the pandemic? Their online shopping was a disaster in March (high-risk individuals unable to register for slots), then only allowing single shoppers, now spreading panic.
And now the lorry ban is to be lifted? France will lift lorry ban 'within hours' as Dover port is crippled with chaos - while panic-buying frenzy grips UK over fresh food and vaccine shortage fears
Has anyone been to the supermarket so far today?How was it?(Please, no sensationalism. Just the facts. Thanks!)
Don’t want to alarm anybody but the panic buying’s started in my local Sainsbury’s
A day of chaos in an isolated UK — banned flights, halted food shipments, fears of panic buying — was a grim preview of a potential no-deal Brexit in 10 days. W/⁦@_StephenCastle⁩
I hear there is panic buying all over the UK tonight. That's what happens when you have the most corrupt, incompetent & fascist government in 313 years of the UK union. Their "precious union" is literally being swept off the shelves as we tweet.
Popped into Waitrose to get something for dinner after my shift - tell me again about Communist food shortages ..... #panicbuying
Tomorrow's paper tonight JINGLE HELL  Mutant Covid leads to travel ban from UK across the world  Logjam at Dover and panic buying as variant spreads around Britain #TomorrowsPapersToday
The UK government attempts to diminish the importance of the Short Strait (Dover Calais) is slightly baffling - I guess it maybe calms people down, stops panic buying, but reality is there is no escaping that 70+% of UK fresh produce is from EU in winter/6
Queue of people round the block outside Waitrose here in North London - Lockdown 1 panic buying stylee.
Clearly panic buying isn’t such an issue at the overpriced artisan organic soya shop in North London. Meanwhile in Tesco Bolton …
A step by step video on how you should do your grocery shopping in the UK today. Start with the Lettuce   https://twitter.com/Wendywoo_g/status/1315523250349395968/video/1…
Panic-buying Brits snatch Yorkshire puddings out of trolleys amid food shortage fears #panicbuying #Tesco #Aldi #Asda #foodshortages #Dover #Calais #Brexit
Tesco rationing items is a bit tricky for Johnson apologists who pretended there were no supply problems, panic buying or Sainsbury’s’ boss spoke out only because he wants a Brexit free trade deal
The EU closed its borders with us for 48 hours and our supermarket shelves emptied. A reminder, if one were needed, we plan to do this to ourselves for ever from next week.
The British Retail Consortium trade group has warned "until the backlog of trucks at Dover is cleared and supply chains return to normal, we anticipate issues with the availability of some fresh goods"For more on this and other news visit
This idiot is deliberately doing his damnedest to create panic buying in the run up to Christmas, what an utterly selfish prick. Meanwhile here in France Macron is blamed by many people for leaving their loved ones trapped in the UK.
#UK running out of (fresh) food, panic-buying?!#Covid_19 #Brexit
Panic buying in Manchester... Someone should tell the media establishment that people outside London do not believe the #brexit famine scare story.
If you have been food shopping today, Tuesday, did you notice any shortages above the norm?(A few missing veg do not count. But whole stretches of empty shelves, on the other hand...)No sensationalism, please. Just the facts. Thank you.
I see panic buying is trending again. We've been in lockdown before and we know that the main thing that causes shortages is panic buying. They're not going to close the supermarkets. Get a grip people.
Lots of tweets from exhaltant leavers revelling at no border chaos Dover.  My observations at my local @sainsburys today.  No oranges tomatoes cauliflower courgettes and  few berries.    Panic buying ?  Local supply or no lorries entering uk? #BrexitReality ? #panicbuying ?
My sister went to Sainsbury’s to buy stuff to make soup, but it seems the whole world is making soup.
If you have been food shopping TODAY (Thursday 7 Jan) what was the experience like?Did you notice any *significant* gaps or empty shelves (a couple of missing products here or there could have any number of explanations.)No sensationalism please - just the facts. Thank you.
3 days. It’s 3 days. How much are you planning to shit?
The additional doses will be delivered starting in the second quarter of 2021
And when that happens, panic buying will set in.We saw that with toilet paper, with flour, with all sorts of things during the pandemic.People have become used to the idea of shortages through their recent lived experience. And their response, overall, has been poor./END
Brisbane, Australia, is locking down for three days, due to one quarantine hotel worker testing positive to the UK strain of COVID19. Mass panic-buying across supermarkets, shelves cleared, etc. https://theguardian.com/australia-news/2021/jan/08/brisbanes-covid-lockdown-everything-you-need-to-know…
If you have been food shopping TODAY (Saturday 9 Jan) what was the experience like?Did you notice any *significant* gaps or empty shelves (a couple of missing products here or there could have any number of explanations)?No sensationalism please - just the facts. Thank you.
Supermarket shelves hit by Brexit port chaos and staff shortages as stores run low on fruit and veg
"We're fresh out of fresh food! Supermarket shelves are hit by Brexit port chaos and staff shortages as stores start to run low on fruit and veg"Looks like the DM has blown the whistle to start the panic buying about 30 minutes ago...
The Daily Mail just published an article about Brexit causing food shortages... I KNOW!But here's the thing... They did not blame the EU once. What thy did do was make the final line of the article about how Labour would not do any better.@Keir_Starmer, Are you getting it now?
I’m planning on returning to the Uk from France in April, can someone please advise me, will there be any food left or shall I stay here?
Aldi in central Manchester, at around 17:15hrs this evening.What's the reason for the lack of unseasonal fresh produce?Covid? Brexit? Or both?
Today I saw the shelves of my central London supermarket shelves almost empty, when I asked if it was due to panic buying the manager told me that it was due to slow and bureocratic deliveries from Europe. It looks grim.
Yep, our local Sainsbury's starting to show gaps on the shelves. Not yet at the levels of lockdown 1, but I fear it is coming.
Supermarket chiefs, business leaders & hauliers knew this was on the cards. They were warning @michaelgove for months. It is shameful that the government failed to pass on that message to consumers.
If you have been food shopping TODAY (Wednesday 20 Jan) what was the experience like?Did you notice any *significant* gaps or empty shelves (a couple of missing products here or there could have any number of explanations.)No sensationalism please - just the facts. Thank you.
If you have been food shopping TODAY (Saturday 23 Jan) what was the experience like?Did you notice any *significant* gaps or empty shelves? (A couple of missing products here or there could have any number of explanations.)No sensationalism please - just the facts. Thank you.
All fuelled by the Daily Fail.
scaremongering
Tesco should have kept quiet about this to avoid the stampede!
It’s scaremonger tactics. Stop it.
Another COVID scenario
Do not worry guys, Brexit wo not cause food shortages because people are too poor to buy the food on the shelves.
Just buy more cabbage when there are no oranges on the shelves..... Sorted.....
Did I miss the bit in the referendum campaign when they said vote leave for increases in prices for certain foods  but they good news is they will not be huge
Any increase is huge when you cannot afford to pay it. Will benefits, and the living wage, go up to help compensate for this additional expense the Tories are imposing on everyone?
When the inevitable does happen, all these arseholes should resign
Nobody voted for this? The UK needs to rejoin EU. Brexit a mistake/mess. Referendum 4 years ago, Leave won & 4 years of mess. The negotiating could have been put into rejoining EU.EEC - Sir Ted Heath.Single Market - Maggie Thatcher (Before she went mad).EU - Sir John Major.
Says import/expert expert Bim. Oh no wait, he's a corporate lawyer.
Instead of quibbling about the 5% or 10% price rises & the ' brie will be more costly than cheddar' BS why not focus on the huge implications of No Deal?Let's see what producers &  farmers say
Price also goes up when it literally costs more to get into the country and onto store shelves.If demand goes down because of that it is because people cannot buy the food they used to because of Brexit price increases.Conservative MPs don’t know or care though.
I’m alright Jack, I can just put it on my expenses !
I'm surprised he did not say the Government believes moving back to a seasonal food supply is going to be world leading If the turnip crop fails then we can just switch to an over priced Swede - what can be better!
Bim crossing his fingers a hoping for the best
Ok BBC so what is his opinion based on exactly? What do industry experts say?
But the devaluation of Sterling?
I’m not sure I saw the bit where vote leave said European food products would be subject to tariffs and so we’d be forced to choose British goods instead.
#GovernmentByGaslight#GovernmentByBullying#ToriesLie#ProsecuteTheScammers
Soft lad and all his Tory mates will be ok tho #ToryLiars
I am afraid that Dim @BimAfolami was particularly dim and arrogant today
In 5 years we've gone from how brilliant Brexit will be and PrOjEcT FeAr! to "Your essentials wo not go up by THAT much!"Perfectly tolerable for the scumbag elites who pedalled the Brexit lie to whom adversity constitutes the Shih Tzu not producing an adequate brood this year.
“I wouldn’t panic people and tell them they need to stockpile”Think you just did.
And this is good is it?
Everything imported will be more expensive. Why are these Tory liars allowed to spout this nonsense?
What is that opinion based on? Any evidence?
... but do not worry the Tory cronies will still make a packet.'
@BimAfolami is talking nonsense. What does comparative advantage tell you?
Yea but no but. Idiot
Just say you do not know geez
What is a small increase 5%?
Ah the substitution effect - we can substitute fresh fruit and vegetables grown on Spain/Italy at this time of year with ....... ?
They do not teach you how to be poor at public school, do they?
The issue is that is not covered in the “supply and demand” is what if food gets held up at docks? Even with refrigerated lorries the potential to spoil increases. Definitely the cost of shipping increases that has to be put to the consumer
Farmers voted Leave. In process voted away everyones EU rights. I have no sympathy. It’s what they wanted. It’s what was in the Leave proposal they voted for.
Why do we keep hearing that no deal difficulties will be short term?Unless we strike a deal, they will be permanent.
UK November  to April  is only 30% food self  sufficient  and depends on EU for 60% of food  supply  during that period
But.... but... the Prime Minister said that there would be no tariffs, we would stay in the free market, that it would be the easiest deal ever, it was oven ready, sunny uplands, no hard borders, we would be better off if we left...............god........he lied. He is a liar
For people hit hard financially due for the pandemic, or just anyone, a small increase is still an unnecessary  increase
#PolitidsLive Conservative MP Bim Afolami also said a Deal will be done at the last minute but the EU will need to put any Deal for agreement to all 27 member countries and most of them will need to put it to their Parliaments. That ca not be done in the last minute.
How ridiculous does Conservative MP Bim Afolami sound!!?OMG...
Another so called 'expert' talking bollocks. From Jan onwards get hauliers, major store owners, trade negotiators and real experts. Not some posh boy mp who's a sycophant for Bozo and the rest
Are not they making enough money, now they start a panic buy frenzy pushing up the chances of spreading the virus.
At least Britain will be freed to make up its own destiny. The future is brite. Remoaners need to move on, embrace the freedom and remember we Britons never ever will be slaves
Eat more good-old British turnips!
The only things that will get cheaper with brexit are TORY MPs
Nice but dim @BimAfolami
BBC get a grip and challenge these people!
What about the currency inflation that would arise from further falls in sterling? That was what caused the inflation after the vote. So supply and currency. Double screwed.
So EU is going to stop shipping fresh produce to UK and do what with It? UK has already said no checks till July and no tariffs on most items from EU so price increases will only come from panic buying. But all you europhiles stock up just in case. Lower prices for me later.
Temporary increase? I thought Mogg said 50yrs.
Our ports beg to differ.
Any goods that are British or outside of the EU should not go up. If they do this is suppliers jumping on the band wagon. Shop elsewhere if they do
Panic
Where does he think the tariffs end up? Economically ignorant #ToryScum
Completely ignoring any products coming that are required to make those U.K. products......what an idiot
Billions of € worth of goods come into EU ports like Rotterdam from all over the world. They will have tariffs when they pass from EU to UK
Funny how the rhetoric is beginning to change
While government is preparing plans for UK farmers to close down and leave the industry
Answer is he does not know. How could he?More nonsense.
Old Etonian Conservative MP Bim Afolami. So he obviously knows best.
Who is this halfwit? Has ever been to a shop?Anything from the EU WILL go up in price a) because of import duty and b) because there is going to be massive constriction at Calais and other ports preventing the goods from getting here.
Another out of touch Tory who wo not feel the impact of what he and his party supports but those who are already in a precarious situation definitely will feel that impact.
Stop giving airtime to idiots who know nothing about the subject. Ffs.
Sadly, he’s my MP and, yes, he does talk a lot of tosh.....
Exactly. Where is the balance here? E.g. .@NFUtweets .@LogisticsUKNews
And ONCE AGAIN we have one of Johnson's cronies spouting LYING absolute bullshit@NFUtweets have already confirmed that a No Deal Brexit will be catastrophic to UK farmers leading to price hikes, food shortages, supply problems & job losses#BrexitReality
He's a #Tory, you should have asked him what an acceptable Post-#Brexit pint of milk should cost."Em .. not more than £200??"
He’s right as the @conservatives will reduce the added value tax so the prices will stay exactly the same. This Brexit gesture from loudmouth @BorisJohnson is to help the poor as he wants to get rid of the description of his policy on poverty as callous,punitive and mean spirited
So it’s all this British food produced and ready to roll, and has he not the first idea of how agriculture works?
Oranges Morroco, bananas Caribean, lamb,beef,pork,veg and butter UK. Out of season Veg Kenya, Honey from Brazil, flour and some wines the US and blueberries from Peru. All purchased in Lidils and ASDA Tuersday.
Another tory dimwit. No need to stockpile. Oops.
Did he 'expect' a deal? Not sure how much weight his expectations carry with reality.
“......but if there is I shall enjoy some jolly nice tax payer subsidised meals in the House of Commons....yum!!”
Sorry butTory Afolami is talking s
Oh that's so encouraging then. The state of these clowns.
#ToryLiars
Good parody of brexit gammons, thanks Ian!
What a complete load of nonsense by this MP
Imagine having to work with these arrogant truth twisters. #ToryLiars #ToryShambles
So, who should we believe? The chairman of Tesco (which knows a thing or two about supply, demand, customers and the price of food...)....or one of #LiarJohnson’s lying toe rags, (who know a thing or two about .....being a lying toe rag)?Vote now!
and the lies go on and on....There will come a reckoning.
Evidence. Did you not mean reality?
Another Etonian talking head.
Fkn slimeball
Why do you bother interviewing ppl who do not know what they're talking about? Or is Bim just lying?
Anybody need some cheap lamb or fish?
Stupid stupid man
@BimAfolami you need to do lesson 1 of WTO tariffs - basic stuff - you can read their website or get in touch for info - I am only an amateur with enthusiasm for our European future & keeping Freedom of movement - are there no positives about Brexitwhere are they?or Only lies?
But didn’t he promise “sunlit uplands”? @BimAfolami
But the supermarkets are saying the opposite....You need to contain the fact check in the original tweet otherwise it's just propaganda
A lie that will be dispelled shortly.Currency movements alone will increase the price of imported food, not to mention increase costs of customs administration ; transport costs.
5% may be tiny tots for you Mr rich chummy chum - but for 14 million plus in poverty it will be a DISASTER.ARROGANT F*CKER!
No one voted to leave to be poorer
Stupid question to ask Jo Tanner, she'll just go with the Tory party line
Pointless interview, just another  Tory party propaganda broadcast. He is speculating, Crystal ball gazing.
Another millionaire Tory who isn’t worried about food prices rising, millions of people living on the breadline will have different ideas.
As a Democrat & a great believer in Democracy, living in a so-called Democracy, I demand we have a national vote on rejoining the EU.Now we really know & are aware of the negative repercussions & the actual effects & consequences of this decision lets have our final say.
Am I right in thinking we are basically allowing freight from the EU into the UK with at best a cursory check for the next 6 months whilst having an internal border in Kent. So taking back control = chaos.
Much of the more 'exotic' goods imported indeed are sourced from countries outside of the UK. Trouble is much it arrives via the Netherlands and will attract tariffs paid for by the general public.
Food price increases do not really effect you if you are a MP earning 85k a year, plus expenses.
Hello BBC.Next time a brexiter says 'it will be shit in the short term' can you please do your job and ask them what 'short term' means? It's just that I'm weekly paid, so short term to me is about a fortnight. Any more than that and I'm struggling to pay my way.
So in 1976 Eu ref it was argued by no tat butter would go up now in 2015. Leaving arguments that butter would not go up. But ever time we have changed in Eu membership the price of food go up !  This time no deal will crash the value of the pound
If the clueless clowns has work out at the time  we leave the Eu is the worse time to leave for food prices to go because the pound will crash deliver will wast food and uk products only produce 50 % of our food at best in the summer ! So how dose believe food is going to go up
I suspect competition will keep prices low. Take LIdils where I shop 90% of the goods I buy are non EU already. French goods to my knowledge are not allowed in the house.
Do not forget the side jobs on their register of interests
This is what they don’t tell you, those products with the highest tariffs are products we produce ourselves. They have no intention of informing, just scaring.
The BBC are a bad, bad organisation.  I think the “British” at the front should be removed from their name. #DefundTheBBC
I thought Cheddar was in the UK, like Parma in Italy
Thing is there are many out there who believe the crap the MSM especially BBC & Sky push out. They are & have been an absolute disgrace both since the referendum & the Covid situation.
Sounds like a 1% boost for U.K. cheddar cheese makers to me.
They really are thick, the name gives it away where it is made Chedder
I’ve been saying the same thing. If prices of EU goods make them unaffordable we will simply look elsewhere. We also have Yorkshire Brie, wine made in Kent abs so many other British made produce. Far greener to to simply buy British abs not have EU trucks polluting our air.
Just buy British
Are these people programmable robots. I think it washes over most people.
Absolutely. Great to have that screen shot to illustrate the sheer lunacy of that scaremongering.
IMPORT tariffs
It's really unbelievable that the msm treat us like unintelligent people, I'm sure the EU are thinking inside Europe is fucked without Britain, let them squabble between themselves, good luck
I thought exactly the same! Beef mince up 45% - where do they get these figures? Will apply to Irish beef I suppose? Aldi supply British meat only. Supermarkets will absorb any import taxes to keep the customers. People won’t pay over the odds regardless.
I know.. it is like they all failed geography
Where in Europe, apart from Ireland ,do they make cheddar cheese?
A part from the Republic of Ireland I’m struggling to think of any other EU country that makes bleedin’ cheddar or would bleedin’ want to!!!
Lies damned lies stats
Is it cheddar cheese if it comes from abroad. Cheddar is in the uk
I thought that according to EU rules Cheddar cheese could only be made in Cheddar.
57% increase on the 1% of cheddar cheese we won’t be buying cos it won’t be here. I think I’ll be ok with that.
Media news as always is dark! Only negatives are newsworthy to them, but then we do have freedom of the press. #bbcnews #skynews Defund and/or don’t buy!
I really do not know how the BBC can keep a straight face when they churn this stuff out.
But but but Red Leicester!
The whole issue of import tariffs is a red herring, the money goes to our government and they only add them to persuade me and you to buy domestic products
Do not believe I've ever seen French Cheddar. Ca not even imagine how bad that would be.
If it is imported - it ai not cheddar
That's ok! We import that from Russia, not the EU..... Lol
Usual news scaremongering, if they apply tariffs so do we! Just buy British, get British farmers supplying  us, job done
It’s the Labour supporting BBC.
We produce over 200 world class cheeses in the UK and have no desire to consume your continental crap.
Given that Brits have been negligent in protection of geographical and traditional product names, the majority of imported Cheddar is made in the Republic of Ireland and a significant minority in New Zealand.
They think we are fools - imported cheddar cheese - wtf is there a Cheddar Gorge en France?
Of course, the other blondspot in the arguement is that we will all blindly carry on consuming these products at the higher price. Fact is, a tariff makes it harder to sell, not more expensive to buy. We will go elsewhere. Be prepared for a big switch to Buy British next year
Scaremongering is rife now.
Apricots will increase by 20% so we buy them from South Africa and save 50% dont be conned by eu gangsters
Import cheddar ffs
Absolutely ffs
A 1966 Codex for Trading Standard screwed that up... Cheddar can be made anywhere as long as it’s a hard cheese with &lt;39% moisture.
BBC,  Ministry of fear
We have our cheddar cheese, Brie and others.... don’t stress! It will be alright.
#DefundTheBBC - they are the enemy within
Honestly the BBC are totally out of control, lies about Brexit, lies about coronavirus and lies about anything & everything else.
And elephants 'MIGHT' fly! Tut tut #DefundTheBBC  BBC trying to put anti-government words in his mouth @BorisJohnson
This will be the last year I have Brussels sprouts at the Christmas table. From next year it’s going to be Bristol sprouts for us
British retail consortium data lol
Unbelievable
Clearly  @BBCNews do not know that we produce  750 different cheeses right here in Britain.. #BuyBritish
Buy British .
Apart from which, the EU does not impose tariffs on it’s exports!Our own Govt sets tariffs on imports. If it’s essential to the UK this will be reflected in tariffs.Bear in mind that much imported food is already cheaper than that from the EU, despite tariffs!
Well if they think Cheddar cheese comes from the EU......Then surely we can call our best sparkling wine Champagne!!!
I've been heard touting the excellent and cheap cheeses that I buy when I come to the UK. Much of it, mature cheddar. Seems like much might be imported, from where I do not know. If I ever see it in the Netherlands, it is a rare luxury product marketed as 'English'. They do not ...
Who would buy foreign chedder cheese. Is there such a thing?
sell much over here. It seems that the UK is the biggest market. I ca not see them impeding sales, with the demand for it in the UK. Nobody else over here buys it, it's too expensive and you hardly can find it. It's cheaper in UK than here, even if it came from here
We buy cheddar cheese and butter from dairy surplus countries in the EU as we can’t produce enough for ourselves, all imports will be subjected to tariffs with no deal if we are on WTO terms it will be whatever their dairy tariff is
We buy cheddar and butter from dairy surplus countries in the EU as we can’t produce enough of our own
They have run this in the past.I didn’t see that time round but my mum told me the bbc were saying there won’t be any cheddar cheese if a no-deal brexit......but it’s made in U.K.....it says so on the packaging.Somerset, Cornwall, mull of kintyre, to name just 3.
Cheddar. Is that in France somewhere?I love Cheddar cheese.We were so wrong to leave!
Well said British is best
West Country Farmhouse Cheddar is the only cheese produced wholly in Britain. It’s the only cheese where all the ingredients come locally sourced. All other cheddars, may say from Britain, but in fact may use milk from RoI or elsewhere.
Everyday and more
Why would anybody want to buy French Cheddar?
Have they got a map last time I checked Cheddar was in Somerset where Cheddar cheese is made , they do a very good Brie too !
Completely ridiculous
That’s good news for our cheese producers - I can highly recommend snowdonia cheese company
Leaving the EU is going to be amazing for our balance of payments deficit whatever the remoaners think.
Devotees of the rare French Cheddar will be bereft.
Other things they will drag up again....WaterElectricity supplies
Pssst, the journalists working at @BBCNews do not know where cheddar cheese comes from, you are only embarrassing them
We make excellent cheddar cheese in this country, but the best comes from Canada, grew up in the 50’s and 60’s eating that with New Zealand butter
Bashing Britain Corporation
It was a disgraceful example to use. We know what they're trying to do.
The Cheddar cheese makers gripe is not tariffs on imports but tariffs applied by the EU on their exports to Europe. But one could hardly expect he BBC to get their story right.
The supermarkets will have to source food from other countries & mostly from our own farmers. The public will only buy what they can afford. We also crave our independence & if this is the price it will be worth it.
And, why would you buy it?
Can we takes bets how long will bbc continue  their scare stories I go for 2 because bbc wo not be licence paid anymore.
Yes and the BBC will soon be gone--we have had a gutful of thier lies.
Ditch dairy. End of discussion.
Is not CC protected designation and comes only from cheddar?
Surely Cheddar Cheese can only be made in Cheddar? Like Champagne can only be made in the Champagne region.
So you think the UK has enough capacity to produce all the food it requires without importing it ? Give your head a wobble. As we cannot produce all the Beef (example) we consume we need to import therefore a 40% tariff. Put the KoolAid down man.
R I P journalism. Long live brainwashing of MSM.
Do we even import Cheddar Cheese?  Or is Somerset planning to slap a tariff on other counties?
read
Get your Christmas cheeseboard from Butler's in Lancashire.  Flavours to die for.  Blacksticks Blue.  Phew.
Just been told by my GP that my cholesterol levels are too high. 1 of the items on the "give up " list is cheddar cheese. So I'm out anyway!
Christ,does anybody actually sell imported Cheddar Cheese? Morally wrong to import it, sell it, buy it and eat it. Buy British  support your country cheese lovers.
The more they ratchet up project fear the more ridiculous they appear. I find it amusing. I am sure if there is no deal we will be truly down the rabbit hole of project fear by 31st. Stick to your guns Boris. No deal.
I thought that too
If what they said was really true, nobody wll die from a lack of Cheddar and the world will not end. There is always an alternative even if its not eating cheese at all.
Quite simply if anything from the EU out prices itself just do not buy it It's a large world with global markets open your wings & fly
BBC don’t do facts, just lies, they’re good at that.
What journalists!I guess that’s the underlying issue!!!
8 months into a blanket ban on anything BBC, just remembered why
"West country farmhouse cheddar" does have PDO status
More project fear, don’t they know BREXIT has happened, it’s started, run its course and is nearly over. In 19 days it will be history nothing will stop it and the deal will be WTO, job done. Move on to bigger and better UK
Yes and mince beef by some huge margin too apparently? Is this true
Just go to Aldi nearly all there stuff is British with a nice big union jack on there packaging
Quite right Rod as the UK is one of the EU biggest markets they are not going to up prices to sell or buy from us. Sadly what was a trading bloc morphed into a political state? If it was the former we would still be in. As always politicians know nothing about business.
Irish cheddar fcs! Awful stuff, sells on price alone. The UK can look forward to growth in tasty, home produced dairy products.
Ridiculous, everyone knows there's a massive cheese mine in the cheddar gorge
My husband and I were stunned that we even imported cheddar cheese!
Why would we have to pay an import tax on produce made in this country !!
This BBC News is good because the 1% of cheddar cheese at that increase price coming from the EU will mean less lorries coming over here.
We make some Great cheese here lol
What am I missing? We are charged tarifs - we charge tarifs - give the import income to those paying export charges?
Imported Cheddar cheese
If the bbc told me it was raining outside, I’d have to go and have a look
It is also an export tariff. UK exports 6,000 tonnes a month (Feb 20 data), so it will hurt the producers
Found this, may be of help.. apparently there are a few loopholes
If supermarkets want to import goods and pass on these tariffs then get down to your local markets. Local farmers and regional farmers sell their produce at them and it’s great. Beverley has one of the best, every Saturday. Bread, cheese, pies, meat, flour, vegetables, all local!
Obviously there's a good possibility some things will increase in price due to import tariffs/taxes but here's the thing, maybe it'll encourage us to invest in Britain and Buy British as much as possible. Similar to supporting local smaller independent supermarkets
The trouble is a lot of people believe this crap.
What about marmelade #Frexit
Unfortunately there are many who will believe it.
That’s the crux of the EU’s concern.  This is going to force their protective markets to compete against the RoW for our business.  No longer can they hide behind the CET and CAP.
My friend runs a deli and nearly all the cheese comes from the UK... DOZENS of variety.  Support small businesses and by local produce!
Haven’t heard of the German Cheddar cheese.
They can make it £1000 a round for all I care. I'll continue to buy the real thing
I take it you do not sell said cheese to the EU.
No need to panic , Buy British , preferably Welsh .
Wait until we stop buying Prosecco, Champagne, Brie and German cars! I think there will be a major rethink on tariffs!As for the cheese
This is a win-win. A great opportunity to buy local & support British farmers, fisherman, producers, manufacturers whilst (for those who have environment top of their priority list) saves on transport etc. Plus, hits the EU where it hurts, in their pocket. What's not to like?
Why would import tariffs be beneficial to EU, surely anything that makes their products more expensive for us is bad for them.
I suspect the whole of UK screamed at the television when that popped up.I also suspect someone at @BBCNews with lots of letters after their name doesn’t know that we make the real Cheddar cheese in the Cheddar Gorge.
There are 750 cheeses made in the UK. We do not need to import any.
Why are they not held accountable for peddling this rubbish.
Get behind this country and back it and our work force. Buy British goods then a British work has to make another not a Eu worker. I dont see the BBC now praising our government for rolling out the Covid Vaccine a month before the EU. #DefundTheBBC
People are saying that we will not have the capacity to make enough cheese for the UK markets but as we will not be sending cheese to the EU then we will have plenty for our citizens. It does work both both ways you know #justsaying
Perhaps they meant cheddar will cost 57% more in EU shops?
Yes
Also I thought under EU regulations you cannot call cheddar, cheddar, unless it is made in Cheddar. The same applies to Melton Mowbray Pork pies doesn’t it??
Well we wo not fucking buy it then will we
I ca not remember if I've ever bought cheddar, stilton, milk, eggs, beef, turkey, sausages, lamb etc from EU, so they can feel free to do one as far as I'm concerned.
How Victoria Young kept a straight spouting such rubbish is quite impressive.
Buy British ...
Were is Ofcom this is the BBC lied come on Ofcom ?
Buy British, eat British doesnt seem to be too bad a mantra to me. Actually cant think of anything I eat/drink that comes from the EU that I couldnt manage without
Westons cider
The other blind spot is about the 80% of current tariffs on non EU imports that goes straight to the EU, whereas in future the UK govt will collect all tariffs and can use them to help our producers.
Price will fall on Cambodian Rice as EU apply a tariff of 20% to protect Italian Rice Farmers. Cambodian Rice Farmers are the poorest people in the world. The EU is a protectionist racket that punishes the poorest people in the world.
Only 4% of EU "Cheddar" is sent to the UK.
Perhaps the BBC canteen does not buy English Cheddar.
Quite frankly if people are this stupid then they deserve to shiver in fear like cowering whimps.Cheddar cheese ffs we make it here.
Spot on. Attached a bit of light reading
But British!Visit Tony’s Deli Mart on a Saturday in BuryStE for great local cheeses!
But as u know much of our CC is made elsewhere, sadly. Last yr we  imported 62,003 tons of cheddar from abroad. British cheddar still dominates the market, with around 258,000 tons produced in the UK last year.
I’m aware we do import some c c.  Mainly Irish. But we are not going to place 57% tariffs on it. If we did people wouldn’t buy it and our cheese producers would increase production to fill the gap or people would buy other U.K. cheese. Either way no 57% hike.
Not just the HSE, remember the Dept of Education and Polymetrica , it beggars belief
Had they planning permission to trade from an apartment ?
To be honest I hope this might be true. It would encourage everyone to buy all British products first. That has to be a good thing for our product companies recovery after COVID.
Buy British Cheese.
Stop importing it, buy British
Wonder how the blueshirts and government off chaos will Deflect attention away from this one.
The cheek of that one employee to say he didn’t plan on making a profit
I think they have to go along with Project fearas thir puppet masters dictate . But after Jan 1 if the back-handers dry up, I think we'll see the BBC change its tune
It’s not the first useless item they paid  for with OUR money.
I was heartily pleased this morning to see plenty of UK cheddar cheese on sale in supermarket some even discounted - it’s that scarce.No evidence at all of panic buying of cheddar in case we decide to export it then import it back again! Happy days!
Where does the family tree of this individual lead us?
What it means is that people will now buy British...what is wrong with that?
Ca not they be used in the New Kiddie Hospital fire trap car park?
If it is imported then it is not Cheddar cheese. More hollow from the beeb
*bollox
A £1.39 per kg tariff adds 57%!Where can I buy Cheddar for £2.44 per kg?
Prices increased 3-4 years ago on the back of #Brexit .
Louise. There appear to be many examples of #HSEmaladministration that elected representatives turn a blind eye to.
Was this employee a mate of anyone?
Has Somerset left England ?!
#ScumMedia
who was he/she related to ? that's the question ..
Precided over by the government of chaos
The BBC. THE BRUSSELS BROADCASTING CORPORATION! The BBC must be closed down in the national interest!
We should always buy British esp food. We have and will need to support our farmers. We now have a golden opportunity to be better at supporting ourselves. Thanks to sumkts they've brainwashed us into getting what we want cheaply at the drop of a hat!
Only for the examiner.....
OMG! We are going to have to eat our own cheddar! lolWe make fabulous world beating cheeses, including brie. Pass the British crackers  please.
Or learn math
Cheddar cheese is a relatively hard, off-white, sometimes sharp-tasting, natural cheese. Originating in the English village of Cheddar in Somerset,
Whatever happened to the 60 million euro worth of inadequate PPE? Or the hand sanitisers in schools that was dangerous... #notfitforpurpose
How does "cheddar" cheese get to be imported to the UK in the first place?
Would  expect  no less from the brussels broadcast corporation....
They really are (cheese) melts
People should be in prison for stealing public money in this way
Did not think it could be called cheddar cheese unless it was made in a certain area of England
The tv news is disgusting  still continuing to brainwash the simple public when will they finally learn this country is run on lies if you do not lie  you wo not get in parliament
Small beer compared to the €5bn paid to people to *not* work.
I believe that 90% of the EU’s mozzarella comes from North Wales; interesting post 1st January.
Who the hell buys cheddar cheese from abroad!
It must be referring to Irish cheddar. See that a lot in supermarkets.
Political connections? Follow the money
Perhaps cheddar are going to put there own tariffs on Londoners
7.5 mill worth of hand sanitizer...down the toilet.
Surely good news for British cheese makers then?
Unbelievable! We have brilliant cheeses in UK  load of tosh #BuyBritish
Pretty small change to the billions wasted in the UK, acting fast to get stuff done in spring was more important than perfect , some of the procurement was bound to go pancake
Why the fuck would we want imported Cheddar???
that's presumably why they are on their high horse about tweets by SF deputy
BBC wants cheese with a larger carbon footprint.
I've been to cheddar. It's nice
Who would want Cheddar? Greasy, nasty cheese.
Nobody accountable as usual!!!
This garbage has to stop @BBCNews
Cancel your TV licence and stop supporting them
Any accountability in this country
They're just trying to find a bullshit story, it was a slow news day.
I expect nothing different from the BBC.
I was screaming at the tv! Lol .... like buy British!  Simple
I think everyone of these multi million contracts, to do with huge financial gain, employed by the government, without too many regulations involved with getting said contract, have one thing in common. DNA
Made up nonsense from the BBC’s woke editors whose demise is now hand in hand with the EU’s failing junta ... don’t pay their license and they’ll soon have to change
It's Hard Cheddar
#ScumMedia sold out to the EU years ago
Slight clue in the name of the cheese there.
It's the same with lamb.They're trying to say No Deal will make our too expensive in the EU.Yippee. Keep the price stable and there's more for us. Yum. Yum.There's also New Zealand to buy it from same as now.Sick of 4 yrs of #Projectfear.
Reminds me of the shady defense contracts in Iraq.
Laughable isn’t it.
In simplest terms. If you fuck up to this degree it's called incompetence and you lose your job.
Follow the  every scandal
Except you are wrong, Ireland alone exports 78,000 tons of cheddar to the U.K. every year and that's only 82 percent of all of Britain's cheddar imports.
Afraid at times of panic buying & trying to secure vital equipment, mistakes will be made. HSE not the only health agency to fall foul of such mistakes. It happened in NI, UK, Europe & the states. PPE & equipment supplied but not up to standard when it finally arrived.
I hear that Cornish pasties from the EU will also be expensive after 31 December December.
Can only see Davidstowe cheddar,Cornish Brie & Camembert sales going up, so benefiting our local produces down west
"issue" is one kind way to put it... it sounds very close to embezzlement...
I would LOVE to get stuck in to this. Having led procurement in NGO for years, jumping through (justly) v strict governmental procurement rules this stinks.
Speed is no justification for ignoring due process and due diligence. Strong procurement rules will have clear guidelines for exemptions and how to manage them transparently and justly.
And even if it didn’t, who cares if the price of things go up? We can stop buying them and try something else, preferably from our own economy!
Many people are finally realising how much the BBC lies and lies and lies.
As a  man called Tom  once said they would make the mafia look like alter boys
It’s called corruption , nothing else
That's exactly what @hselive accounting protocol is, apparently!
Surely if you are paying a tariff it was not made in cheddar?
So what did @paulreiddublin have to say @DonnellyStephen
The funny thing about this you lot think the state can do a good job of building houses
Is anything in this country fit for purpose? Including the government???#PoliticsIsPanto
I remember that hack @faisalislam peddling the same narrative a while back.Sadly, people will believe scum media.
Plus ventilators are made here in Ireland and sent abroad so how does that work ?
Anyway. Why are the Europeans allowed to use the term 'Cheddar' Cheese when no one other than the french can use Champagne?
Usual beeb bullsh*t then..........
Holy crap!
More than procurement issues!#ISupportClaremorris
None of their mindwashing is making any actual difference though is it, as we will soon be free of the eu empires rules. We have our own genuine cheddar. We don’t need their fake cheese.
That's not a procurement issue, that is a deliberate decision with tax payers money. Unacceptable
Who owns the company ... Who hot money...
Then don’t pay for it. They’re are various laws covering goods and their fitness for use..
Will the scaremongering never end , stop the BS we have what we need & if they do not want to sell us what we want then its on their heads . FFS thicko's wake, plenty others in line to provide. Its all a masquerade to keep the grease flowing for them not us, you just wait & see
Did Leo leak him the money?
You forgot the export tariff. I just invested in Irish Cheddar.
According to an EU ruling some years ago, a product may only be called by its native place of production eg champagne. A sparkling wine from any other region is called just that. _Bona fide_ 'West Country Farmhouse Cheddar' cheese is only made in SW England.Why import it?.
Outstanding work by @ciananbrennan and all at the Examiner this year. Blowing open so many stories
Or Libya
It's all ahead of us
He is also doing our covid passports. From planning concerts in Saudi to HSE contracts, just does not make sense. Who does he know? How did he get this contract? Something smells again
no actually they have questions to answer and a criminal investigation should be launched with immediate effect Heroes do not always wear capes and white-collar crime does not always wear balaclava
two properties from this transaction what checks and balances were carried out the criminal assets Bureau needs to investigate this  immediately and follow the paper Trail #twip
But what about tarrifs and shortages of French Sticks... baked in UK ?!?
Project fear?
3 weeks notice in the middle of a pandemic. I sense some hungry Brits come the new year.The Brexit con job is the gift that keeps on giving.
When does the craziness slow down?
It's not project fear anymore. It's bad planning and lack of preparation by business.
Scare mungering just like the pandemic
Leadership.
Whats new in that @loreillysf that’s why #Whistleblowers should always be supported by our Politicians instead of being ignored
You can’t even spell “mongering” Einstein.
Twaddle
Yes, the procurement officer must be brought before the PAC to explain.
What those same Ministers that lied to the public about #Brexit
Lovely - rotten food on the shelves...Which ministers?Sack them immediately!
I wonder who he is related too??
They've been buying up Irish beef for weeks
Not the Roqu chap again? Must be great friends with someone..but not a ‘friend’ friend, more of an acquaintance maybe.
By March, It'll be boiled fish heads and kelp
Let's see if the red buses stay in London after Brexit.
Bigger? Without NI and Scotland it will be a really sad Tory paradise.
Stockpiles or panic-buying both create havoc in supply-chains which rely on even demand with even deliveries. UK Govt have created a problem no matter which deal outcome
No way people will pay that. Let's hope there's a return to buying British. If the supply chain tries to pull a fast one with prices then cut out the middle man an buy directly from the independant manufacturer/farm etc. We need to take back some power & support artisan!
May I suggest UK Gov is the problem
I can’t understand why people panic buy toilet paper.
So have I, a one man band.It's prudent to try and keep January clear because regardless of deal or no deal, there will be some teething issues.Next.
Stock piling what? Cheese, Wine, Cars.
Good.    Spanish farmers must be very worried
No doubt the #FBPE crowd will be panic buying .... again. Hopefully the supermarkets are also starting to source goods from more friendly countries across the world.
We are stockpiling sweets, chocolate, crisps, cake - oh hang on, that’s the Christmas stash, we do that every year!
He’s ex-IDA so he had the contacts to know how to make it work.  For himself.
If this happened in the private sector there would be repercussions. The public sector workers are so protected from their mistakes
Yeah.  They can.  Because they used to and will again.  With competent people in government.
Cheddar cheese is British though....
@BBCNews make themselves look ridiculous
French cheeses will lose out. Over the last 47 years the UK has improved its cheeses in quality and variety due to stiff EU competition. They are now in a fit condition to fill the hole in the market left by France. Adieu!
Cheddatmr cheese made in UK ???? Shove your licence
That's a lot of dodgy ventilators, one giant photo copier and a good few voting machines somewhere in a hanger...ebay maybe?!
So - armed with this page from http://wish.com and a calculator, I think I can beat the winning tender. I have no idea what they are, or the quality of the products but still....Do I need to have a government connection too?This has got to be thoroughly investigated!
Bit of a clue in the name of the cheese... Clueless journalism
Get your lotas at the ready!
WHO'S LAUGHING AT MY OLD LADY SHOPPING TROLLEY NOW, EH
*burns clothes to make space for toilet roll*
Fuerza to our colleagues at @pedalmeapp. All the good vibes, we can only imagine the added level of stress on people and operations
Panic buying ? Ppl probably got loads of supplies at home because they thought the whole extended family would be coming round for Xmas... not anymore....
Panic buying has started in London
Not attempting to go get my anda bread tonight.
It is barely comprehensible, but this is where we are: in the space of a fortnight, there will be two legal hard land borders within the UK.
And a race out of London & the south east like there’s a Mega Tsunami coming up the Thames
It's Brexit - the one you supported - will do that.
Ask @BorisJohnson_MP to check in the walk in fridge at Downing Street for any spare crumbs he can spare...
What else do you expect, families who made other plans now have to make a Christmas at home. A major shopping exercise, and yes time is short and there will be shortages.
Hiya everyone. My wife is currently working on her dissertation on vaccine confidence in the UK. So to all UK residents could you please fill out this one minute questionnaire to help her out. Please retweet to help out. Thanks.
Greedy supermarkets should curtail panic buying at its source, the store. This is of course part of this government's sinister plan and if we do not wake up soon it will get worse for us. Gleefully they will tighten the screw when they see their plans working without resistance.
Many brexiteers sending up silent prayers to the gods of pandemic for concealing the true awfulness of their fantasy.
of course it will.
No there isn’t - just irresponsible media trying to hype a story - there will be panic buying when Brexit hits - but not at the moment
This was a week ago...Quite coincidental, is not it?
This is only the beginning.
They are beyond incompetent!
Better get toilet paper right, this time...
Expecting a run on shops first thing tomorrow morning.
Wondering how long my Tesco shop (being delivered on Tuesday) is gonna last me...
The British will panic buy at the mere suggestion that there might be a few hours delay on one product. This does not run the risk, it guarantees it. But on the other hand, panic buying is probably warranted this time.
Honestly the fuckwittery of this Govt has been truly boundless so far.
OK... What if in answering the obvious torrent of questions from the media, they said “Don’t worry, it’ll all be fine.”How would that go down?
It's not a case of one or the other though, is it?
Already triggered
Perhaps the last 10/11 years can be best explained by 'people vote for Conservative governments when times are hard'.
It’s not their fault a mutant strain has caused other nations to close their borders on us. Stop whining and do something positive and proactive .
Johnson wants a deal. That's why.
Marshal Johnson-Jong Boris will rise in glory over all those who would intimidate the British people with fantastically discounted pasta products!!!
That's nonsense. Shops do not hold 2 weeks of food stocks. 2 days more like.
Has the government briefed this? Who was it?
I fully expect to see news reports tomorrow of chaos outside supermarket as people go into full panic mode again!
The msm are trying to panic people so they say oh we need a deal its all about brexit this virus strain is already in eourope #ScumMedia    @BBCNews  @SkyNews
We not going to run out of food.  Maybe some temporary shortages of some perishable goods if panic buying starts.
Is anyone seriously surprised by anything coming out from the govt?
Maybe Sky should not have gone with it, and become Shy for a change.Gov trying to be transparent my guess.
Oh yeah they knew this was gonna happen ridiculous
It's for 48 hrs not weeks
There is a lot of "inverted Bagdad Bob behaviour" going on. Politicians and media really screaming that the situation is beyond critical. It's the economy, hospitals, elder care, food supply, energy supply, cyber attacks etc. Wizard of Oz.
Shunak can’t wait for all the WFH millionaires to start their crazy spending spree?Seriously you’re spot on - this is exactly what it will do.
Exactly what they want!
100%. Making a bad situation worse is the tagline for this current govt.
It's called deconstruction. And they know exactly what they're doing.
I can see the EU putting together an emergency aid package, but they wo not give him one inch in the deal simply because the UK is starving.
Order rationing in any case.
Two wings of the same monster - A Globalist Government and Parliament, and the Mainstream media, constantly messing with the heads of 68 Million people.
I think this governments default setting is 'scaremonger' these days. The French have blockaded ports for WEEKS before now, it just went through Holland and Belgium instead. This is just Macron playing to his crowd. He has an election in 18 months.
Let's trigger a run on the supermarkets again!!
You answer your own question.  The UK gov't is at war against its own people.  And, just like most westerners, the people are so brainwashed, they willingly slit their own throats through goose-stepping obedience.
They’re talking UK not US I believe
They didnt, you did.The first I read about it was now.Its you, not the Govt.
Imagine for a moment that this is intentional. This was said on purpose to get the reaction.
"Runs the risk"?????? It guarantees panic buying.
All to ramp up the rhetoric at "evil EU", cause panic, protests and then between Coronavirus legislation and Civil Contingencies powers, the kleptocracy is established?
But should clear up the problem of wasted food  for those who catered for large family gatherings which are now cancelled, I predict the PM will suggest tomorrow.
Actively monitoring is not doing anything about it, ask for an extension before it gets worse is the answer
You sure about that genius?
No Brussels for Christmas
Plenty of fish no ones going to starve.
...No... I already need to shop tomorrow just because I'd not expected to be at home for Christmas. With news like that, this is going to be chaos
All seems to line up with the timeline.  Of course, warning, it's just a conspiracy theory! If it comes to be, only incidental.
They'll be queuing now.
Oh dear we might have to start buying British then or we could start buying direct from the countries that supply via the EU. How will we cope
Because they want you to panic.
What are we supposed to say?
Well yes. Encourage panic buying, and then blame the public.It's a common theme.
Couldnt they redirect goods/freight via Scotland. Only allow goods vehicles to pass back and forth over the border and have a drop off point for EU drives in the north of England. Test the drivers before they return. UK drivers could then distribute goods. Would avoid the south.
This thread is remoaner heaven
Maybe its a superforecaster's full-scale behavioral experiment to measure the current strength of the spirit of the Blitz.As preparation for an "Australian terms" Brexit.
All on people hanging on the give everyone word
Exactly what they want
Food has not stopped coming in it’s going puts the problem. The drivers will not be able to get out of their vans when delivering.
That’s a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Why would we believe Sky...as bad as the BBC
* What's seems to be happening is staggered ordering of the weekly shop (making sure to get slots..) in the hope of getting a supply over 2,3,4  weeks. I went to look for a slot on Sat. and the earliest was 28 Dec. *
We would not necessarily depend on France either. The Hull-Zeebrugge/Rotterdam routes if we can convince either Belgium or the Netherlands.
The government did not brief it.Government routinely monitors food supplies and they have been reporting on it throughout Coronavirus.
Usually when a virus mutates it does so where it's less dangerous to its host. Otherwise it does not spread because it kills its host to quickly.  Just because there's a mutation it DOES not MEAN it's a bad thing it could be just the opposite.
They will blame it on #COVIDIt would have come with #BrexitIt's only an additional factor which will bring food insecurity to the #UK
Great time for a no deal #Brexit, eh?
I may just have to survive on bananas and pineapples from Costa Rica...
What would you want them to do? Say that it is all fine and lie?
And we've only just got paid, so food shop was planed for today. Not going mad, only 2 of us and pets, but going to be manic out there now
Your right I see the agenda. Makes sense... Buy low n sell high*
There's more food than you think, and it does not all come via Dover. Calm down dear, .
We produce about 60% of what we consume.  You happy to eat 40% less?  That’s cutting out 8 meals a week, assuming 3 meals a day.
Next stage of what specific agenda? Hmm, her vaxxed then you can have food?
I'm guessing because it suits their agenda. Panicking people are too busy panicking to blame #JohnsonsERGToryVoteLeaveCabal and their woeful response to the pandemic for this.#GovtOfNationalUnityNow #AskForAnExtension #RemoteRecallParliament
Because they want panic
Exactly what I've said all along. For a virus to succeed it does not need dead people so it mutates to become less lethal and ensure its success.
The only people triggering panic buying are the thick and reckless media in this Country. They should be ashamed
They never blockaded the Eurotunnel thought did they? Your probably right that this Macron scoring brownie points, but the implications are much more serious than the blockades we have had in the past.
Catch 22.If they did not, the same people would complain over a lack of transparency and lack of forewarning.Begs the question, how transparent should a government be? Should it just hide truths that we may not like or may react to?
I have woken this morning to enough orders in wholesale markets to basically clear our our stock. Hauliers won’t load leave Spain today or tomorrow so it next week we are going to see a serious supply issue if not lifted
SKY = Murdoch empire. In bed with Tories. Ignore.
Senior Government Source has usually had a drink before calling the press, a made up Government source implied to my anonymous correspondent
Rachel, it's all part of the plan.They want panic and chaos.There are food shortages coming - planned ones, not just here either.Instead of writing more scaremongering stuff - how about doing some actual research?
That's the entire point! Panic fear and shortage's, so ppl beg of a way outProblem, Reaction, SolutionGood 'ol Hegelian Dialectic
why would journalists report it and trigger panic buying.
Do not we have panic buying EVERY Christmas????
I would jolly well hope the government is monitoring the situation closely. But of course, our media promptly turns this into a negative, scare mongering story.
They did that in WW2  to keep morale up.This lot seem to want to keep morale down
Because they want to frighten the nation
The MSM can be blamed for a lot of things but do not let it distract from the shambolic way this Government is handling both Brexit and Covid.
As my mother used to say:  "Whatever happens - we'll cope".
Imagine it got leaked.
I'm getting so sick of this "it's all planned" garbage.  It's incompetence, nothing more.  There will be some that will take advantage of it, of course, but believing the government are planning the downfall of the country is just bollocks.
Share prices?
See St Pancras
Unaccompanied imported freight is not affected, that is containers on trains and ships.  There is no reason to run out of food.
Supermarkets need to limit item buying now.
The get off on the fear so do not go there.  Hearing lots of planes today.  I plan to meditate and raise my vibrations on the solstice and Great Conjunction.  We gave them too much power and it is near the time to take it back.
To get people spending...
Maybe they now want an excuse to trigger a transition extension? They have painted themselves into a corner and just might be looking for a way out. Totally empty supermarkets is a plausible excuse the nutters might accept.
Nope. Drivers on the continent are now refusing to bring good in because they ca not get home.
Most supermarkets hold 90+ days of non-perishable stocks.
Because they are beyond incompetent
Very predictable.•Warn of shortage's•Tell ppl not to worry or panic buy, (there's plenty in stock)•Tell ppl no need to 'panic buy'•Tell ppl do not know how bad it will be/how long supply will last.•Sit back & watch as ppl lose their minds & clear the shelves.
So does your tweet.
No, they do not. Stock on shelves is money tied up. I worked in retail for 25 years, in some of the largest stores. Stock holding of non-perishable food items is around 10-14 days, often less.
Exactly as planned.Tell everyone its their fault shelves empty ; what's more because you all rushed out on mass the mutation has 'infected' so many more. Tier 4,5,6 lockdowns country wide. Ppl will beg for anything to 'free' then from the nighmareProblem, Reaction, Solution
Those of us who actually like sprouts are going to be the most hated people in Cambridge
Blame shifting. They want people to panic buy so they can shift the blame
Hope there are no live animals in the lorries this would be abhorrent
Putins Tory Brexit Weapon is designed for maximum collateral damage
Because now there will be a little boost to the economy as people rush out to empty the shelves. Anything that moves money from a cureent account in to stocks and shares makes the economy *appear* stronger and therefore the government as well.I may be cynical but option 2 is...
... that if people rush out and panic buy, the government can blame the food shortage on the panic buying, rather than having everyone see it develop due to their poor decisions.
Emissions will go up.
Because this govt is unable to think things through and only through their own particular lens. The whole weekend debacle demonstrates they have no concept of the impact of their statements on very anxious people and how to build confidence.
One thing you can always rely on with Johnson and his yapping poodles - if there is a way to fuck something up, they will find it with ease.
The MSM are complicit in this sham, witness the odious Nial Patterson on Sky today badgering Grant Schnapps about placing the rest of the country into Tier 4
I did £100 in Aldi yesterday, that will see me through to September surely....
Because if people panic buy, then the government can pin the blame for shortages on the public.
So, don’t tweet it then.
That’s what they want. Panic = control
Maybe Unicef can help?
They said they weren’t responsible for the nation’s food supply - the supermarkets are!
Yeh. But think of the likes and retweets
No different to you tweeting it
Just advised my two UK sons to stockpile.
Lets get it done buy that stuff
Good job the supermarket chains anticipated govt Brexit shitshow after last time and have stocked up themselves. The supermarkets have been largely unsung heroes this year, keeping us fed, delivered, incredible logistics, working bloody hard in the most challenging circumstances
If we spend two weeks focussed on food and the news is full of pictures of empty shelves, then that's two weeks they are not being pressurised over why they've let the country get into this no-deal mess.
why go round the opposite way to evryone else ?
I need a coffee and will pop to my local ASDA to have a
Sky reporting is not equal to reality.
It's all about Brexit.
It’s them .
It's Sky Jokey News.
It's today's or yesterday?
looks as if that's a Tesco store,
Right now
Sounds like deliberate fearmongering. Retailers are saying we've got plenty
Too late to stockpile. This is panic buying territory now.
Good old Covid, making sure we know how to handle food shortages before Brexit kicks in
Fairly certain this is not helped by the guy on BBC news this morning saying "There's no need to panic buy" Absolutely nothing inspires panic buying more than those words.
My only excuse is that I’ve got to buy for my dad and sister ,but feel helpless
Oh man. I have not done any shopping for a couple of weeks. I tried to go in to little tesco last night but cars were queuing on the main road to get in to the tiny car park.
I wonder if the government feel this is an opportunity to justify more contracts with no tenders. They still have a lot of friends who missed out on the first lot
What a nightmare!
Super markets have stockpilled because of brexit! We have NO food crisis or shortages in the UK None ! Panic buying could put the elderly & frail at risk ! Only buy what you need
It's the MSM trying their last anti brexit card
That looks hellish.
Gov do not 'brief this' it's #ScumMedia stirring the  as usual
Sweet Jesus
I left a supermarket that was that bunged last week. Gave my trolley to a member of staff near the door. Looks like a Tesco.  A few days ago at Sainsburys I noticed someone at the door who seemed to be counting people in.
People BUYING = people MAKING MONEY.
It already has.
Do you trust this government to tell you the truth?
Just the shit media shit stirring again like always.
‘Actively monitoring’ - so just watching it happen, not actually doing anything to prevent it
Because like everything with this govt they want to give the impression of doing something rather than actually doing it. They just don’t think through the consequences
Seeing as it is actually December 2020, please indicate the field hospitals in every county. Otherwise this actually is complete bollocks is not it?
It’s feels hellish .
We have plenty of food and lots of fish
Fresh fish
Because if the Gov trigger panic buying, and britain runs out of food, then they can say “look what you have done to us” to the EU instead of saying “we had 4 years to create a deal.....left it till the last minute...and fucked it!!”
Too late. It started the minute they announced Teir 4.
The shops later today...
This goverment is so incompetent that we are now going to run out of food before Brexit.
For all those who had planned to be away from home visiting family over Christmas & are now stuck at home, with no online deliveries available, this must be their only choice for buying in some last minute food. Hellish indeed.
In the same breath, why would Sky be reporting that this is the case?? This is also likely to trigger panic buying because they are putting it on the news for millions to see...
I got a slot yesterday for Sunday , already got Christmas food sorted thank goodness .
Sky is as usual full of sh*t
Very wise extremely lucky
So they can blame the people when there is no food left.
It already is M/S food hall Derby
Why assist it by repeating it on SM. SKY and some other "journalist's" just love this scare mongering stuff.
It’s just a conspiracy they shout, stop believing shit they say!
Well quite! Our long planned Xmas trip to Sainsbury's is about to get underway. It will be chaotic. Johnson has spooked the nation and the continent in order to avoid looking a fool over his response to Starmer at #PMQs.
Does not almost everyone buy food as if the shops were never going to open again at Xmas anyway?
This government is only in power to ruin peoples quality of life!
Because blaming the EU's response to COVID-19 lets Brexit off the hook?In every crisis there is opportunity for this lot, who seem to be experts at creating them.
Lorries are coming in? Lorries are not leaving.
That’s exactly why they reported this
Yikes you are brave x
I'm glad I'm not the only person who immediately thought this. Makes me feel a little less paranoid.
All part of the plan. Do not advise the vulnerable to shield this time, ensure they wo not be able to get supplies.They've just moved on from murder in the care homes to murder in the home.
Too late. Panic buying has started.
Lidl and Aldi will be ok then as they source from local suppliers
Do you know that for certain? Supermarkets don’t tend to have much storage and it comes in on a day by day basis at all levels of distribution. I honestly didn’t think they had the warehouse space to stockpile for more than a few days?
You still very welcome to Tenerife mate  all of you  stay safe x
It looks to me like the usual pre Christmas madness shopping
Once herding mentality kicks in theres no stopping it. It's already started.
At least most of them are wearing masks while buying enough food to survive the zombie apocalypse.
matt hancock announces new strain that has been around for a couple of months  just before the sunday brexit deadline. britain is now being annexed by europe also Scotland and Ireland. is this to pressure uk to sign up to bad deal. MH is a problem here
Hi Mike Cartwright here from bbc look east here ...are you free for a quick chat please ?
Just as Hancock’s out of control remark has unleashed havoc.
Why not? This is just another mistake in a long line of mistakes. The biggest one of late is putting the most debsley populated city where infections were trending up in tier 2 whilst leave the North trending down in tier 3. You could say what happened was inevitable
Not a problem UNICEF will come and help feed poor and moderately rich people mogg will be delighted.
The word 'clusterfuck' springs to mind. Your stocks ok?
Duh,that’s the point!
Why would they? Probably because they did not. When will the media start having to take responsibility for publishing such nonsense?
They are loosing...desperately trying to hang on
The panic has already started. Dad & son  both work in supermarkets. They’ve called this am to say it’s horrendous
They were / are actively monitoring COVID cases, the economy etcWhy does this frighten rather than reassure me?
spend more money before serious lockdown is my guess.seems to be a familiar pattern to this.
It’ll be the likes of Sky etc that’ll cause panic buying.
Thanks man but i suspect you guys will shut yours soon. Isn’t Tenerife part of spain? :)
Well it’s on Sky must be right.
Perhaps because they really are that inept?
Gov’t never saw it Coming and you know why ? Because our PM never went to agree a cobra meeting !
I think we're fucked
,Is it worth taking the risk .
Are they monitoring this via Excel by chance?
I have not used a big supermarket as for 3 years - small coop for me and local shops.  No tesco for about 5 years I think now.  Its liberating
The EU will put in place a testing regime for borders crossing. It will take at most 48h. Stop the panic. The UK must work with the EU to put this in place. Johnson cannot simultaneously cry wolf & be surprised by the consequences.  EU governments have public opinions too!
Crazy
Wise words mate
Goodbye toiley roll and pasta!
Really important to see that UK has acted responsibly in raising the fact of the new variant.  We are not like China - covering up developments.  We have very good genomic monitoring - generally countries that have not found the virus have less good monitoring.
Because they want to make an excuse to extend Brexit transition.
To spread fear obviously
Thankyou bro!
Yes, why would the Govt want to add to the existing trepidation the public already feel, why would they want the public soo dependent on the state to be the only possible source of respite from their problems?  Anyway, never mind, take the magic vaccine and the health passport!
Disaster capitalism moves to its logical end.
It’s sky /MSM and the need to cause chaos by throwing a headline . Then stupid minority goes and empty’s the shelves . So they can then film the chaos and blame everyone but themselves .
I noticed on Saturday they were letting more people in at a time than during the previous lockdown-why so much food for a couple of days???
But Grant Shapps was saying everything is honkey dorey?
Probably leaks (fake or real)
Just heard some terrifying news from a friend of mine who works at local hospital.(A;E)
That's why I'm asking. I did not think there was warehouse space for tesco, et al, to stockpile. But if they are/can/do I'm willing to risk it rather than having a panic attack in Sainsbugs.
I think Johnson's worrying he might have to cut down his calorie consumption at Christmas.  Rees Mogg is fine though, he grows his own swans.
I’m sure Chequers will be well provisioned.
Somebody in Gov or related to somebody in Gov has just invested heavily in Toilet Roll futures?
Well of course it does. Keep the peasants down so they have something else to think about and obey all the rules. Saying dont panic buy might just as well be panic buy  for all the good it does.
No panic where i am. All nice and pleasant. Do not recall a blockade of Denmark with the Mink strain?
Sunak trying to boost Xmas spending, which must be on the floor this year.
Because they're terminally incompetent. Hancock made a huge mistake yesterday by saying the new Covid variant was 'out of control'. No wonder Europe shut its doors...
Did Sky quote a source?
Perhaps thats what it wants so that it can control hat we eat, drink and buy
It will 'justify' @BorisJohnson asking to #extendthetransition
Briefed by govt the tweet says.
What happened to the one way system!?
Me too but a canoe, a fleece jacket and an angle-grinder won’t feed my kids.
Strongly Agree with your wise, calm considered view, Lady Thames
Exactly..... it is so frustrating and I work in one, though on holiday now until the 7th, amazingly....
You get green painted walnuts instead.
The major supermarkets claimed that pre booked shopping was fulfilled from their shop storage and packaged for collection / delivery so didn’t make the shelves..... we shall see
The sprouts would be missing off your order.
We've had our shopping delivered for last seven years and in my experience, no, if it is not on the shelf at picking time (night before delivery), you do not get it.
I would imagine Ocado do, because they pick from warehouse. But the other shops pick direct from shelves,  so its whether those shelves are stocked or not.
Knowing my supermarket they'll probably substitute my bag of Spanish oranges with sprouts.
We'll find out tonight. Wish us luck.
Nope. Order pickers walk round the store picking from the shelves / produce displays like any other shopper
Is not that the whole point of toilet paper???
Is this worth a rest from Twitter?
or your arse will, as you have to wipe it with printer paper.
I’m the only one obeying it .
Nothing a shower head can’t sort... you know, like that European bidet thing!!
No , mostly picked off the shop floor a couple of hours before delivery.
You'd need strong core muscles for that.
The true voice of the nation.
Now this should be on a bus
I did not get round to cancelling my who gives a crap order and for once I am delighted at my shit-for-brainedness.
Hate to write this but… buy the Daily Fail or Torygraph for a few days.
What if they do it with the wine shelves...?
Well done! You've just sent out the looneys on panic buying!!
You know you can do this, right?
I've gone long bidets
Brussels? Don’t sprout such nonsense.
Bidets should be mandatory.
Well, I'm not pulling it with my bare hands.
It’ll be broccoli and lemons
You get a piece of paper saying ‘not available ‘ against each item
An evergreen tweet!
Not long back from Tesco in Inverness and virtually every trolley had toilet roll and there was even a lady taking photos of the toilet roll aisle
Not sure what you're talking about mate.
As someone who is #shielding I was worried anyway-My first slot with Asda back in April I ordered 42 items for the week only got 22 the rest were out of stock @AsdaServiceTeam how do you protect the #CEV who’ve been loyal through the past 8 mths from everything being out of stock
Toilet paper is gone already at waitrose Alton, huge queue of shoppers l counted 53 people.  Waitrose is back to 15 people at a time in the shop.  Trolleys coming out are full to the rim  it's a complete panic buying right now
We'll have to enter virtual queues on supermarket websites to try and get some Andrex, only to find - after 30 minutes of queuing - the PS5 scalper groups brought them all up and are now selling them for £15 a roll on eBay.
says a man with a cupboard full of doritos and dolmio
I think the key to understanding this is that it is not that people think the shops will close, but if the virus is getting out of hand enough that you're going into lockdown, it's reasonable to stockpile and thus not have to go outside for a while
I think it’s just special orders that are guaranteed (food from their festive catalogue) I’ve had this problem in the past even in normal times.
id get some in if i were you Ian.....oh....er.....hmmmm.....anyone having rabbit for christmas?
Do not worry, I've got a loft full. £10 a roll. How much you want?
Actually it's not that bad showering your own arse once you've mastered the ballet-hop across the bathroom.
Panic buying sprouts? I don’t think you’ll have a problem!Actually I love sprouts, but it’s not a popular point of view.
We'll probably get a picture on Twitter later of JHB wiping her arse with golden bogroll.
I'm going to order a bidet from France.... hmm.....
Shitting in my hand for warmth.
Psst... Wanna buy some Salad, Little Gems, salad onions...
Our pre booked delivery arrived yesterday missing most Xmas dinner essentials. Some substituted, some not. Funnily enough fresh foods were the main missing items, so low stock even before the shortage possibility announcements/panic buying. Oh and couldn’t get turkey, in any form
It’s called Skymongering
Keep up
You just checked your in house supply, did not you?Then panicked
@WhoGivesACrapTP will help you out. Great paper, delivered! And they build toilets where required.
Wipe, do not pull.If you need to pull, see a doctor.
More livid if there was a run on Doritos?
Then how come the aisles in our nearest Tesco are always blocked on a morning by pickers for online deliveries then? (Who incidentally often do not social distance from other staff and shoppers)
The two somewhat come together. They should bundle them as a joint purchase.
Surely they must have some left from last time?
Good morning, I can assure you that we do our upmost to fulfill your orders however this is dependent on stock avaialbility. We do suggest that you turn substitutions on so that you are not left disappointed if certain items are  unavailable. All the best, Tony
You've had all summer to hoard toilet paper, canned food and French wine.  Do not blame others for your procrastination (sarcasm font).
Probably depends on how they do their home deliveries, if staff pick from shelves in shop I doubt you'll get your delivery if shelves empty and there's no stock to replace it, plus s'markets can send their zero hours staff home once stock has sold, saving wage bill.
@sainsburys has just let my daughter down. Christmas bird in her order has become unavailable. Rushing round E11 trying to find a substitute.
Now look what you've made me do!
Maybe these are the people who had planned Christmas at the parents house in the country somewhere and then could not travel and are now stuck?They need to stock up big time for the festive period....
Vegetables this time
I do not know, but when I finalised my Tesco's order last night (to be delivered today) they were definitely limiting some quantities of some things. Which was fine by me, but I imagine they did not want people online panic buying.
Voiceover: they will.
Nope. They just pick from what’s available in you local store!
I guess turkey or some prepared veg will probably be safe, but a 'Christmas cheeseboard' cheese and brandy cream are missing from my delivery today. I would assume that everything that's available in store as well (not just pre-ordered) can potentially sell out.
Or a Brexit dry run to see just how bad Brexit is going to be.
It's pretty much inevitable once the shortages hit.
Probably past expiry date.
I  love your tweets but I really would like to wash your mouth with soap sometimes - (and yes I got tons in stock)Do not you have a mum or sister or daughter who are shocked about your language too?
I only just got through the multipacks I bought last Christmas on a 3 for the price of 1 offer - and that includes donating some to friends in 'need' in March/April.
Didn’t.  Haven’t.  Won’t.  But isn’t that what toilet roll is for, Ian?  Cleaning up
I’m in Massachusetts. We were in lockdown last spring and toilet paper disappeared from grocery store shelves. Wife was able to buy off the internet. I remember at one point walking into my fave grocery and a clerk was offering a small package one at a time as you entered
They will, they will
There were genuine shortages in the '70's.A headline in a tabloid told us 'Salt mine in Siberia to close'Shelves were cleared of salt in the supermarkets before it was revealed GB was self sufficient in salt. Chiefly coming from Cheshire
How about working there
Already happening right now.
We have a nearby farm shop with essential winter veg so when I went last week, the carrots and parsnips had been dug that morning, there were plenty of tatties (it's a tattie farm!) and I got a stalk of sprouts too. All nicely muddy. One benefit of country living.
Lidl was empty this morning, bar one lady who was harvesting Digestives.  She took 3 trays worth into her trolley.  That's some proper hoarding.
-reloading assault shotgun-Fortnite: 4 Ply
In my experience, it's the other way around - they hold back goods on the shelves and deliveries have to manage without. I've managed to get salad in my order three times since March.
Did not even consider stocking up on toilet roll until you tweeted this.
I do not think you're supposed to pull it. Just squeeze it out
You know it’s going to happen!!
Oh, thanks for the reminder...
Subtle as a sledgehammer. Love it.
Not much in my local tesco at 5.30 this morning I'm afraid to say!
Warning - don’t read Ian’s post literally.
Nope, I've seen myself have things in my basket for a delivery a few days later, then BOOM, items missing all over the place,orders are fulfilled on the day of delivery so it all depends on stock at that time, not booking time
Tear strips off the Sun Soft p paper
Pull shit with toilet paper? Mate, that's not quite how you use it.
Read it and weep, Dunt!
There was loads in my Sainsburys yesterday, for what it's worth.  Had a look as I was wandering past. Salad section looked a bit rough though.
True dat. And at risk to themselves a lot of the time, given the average inconsiderate British punter!
Mate, they've probably already pulled it. Gone by lunchtime, I'd guess.
and c**ts  would not need to. Your anatomy's all wrong here.
You snooze, you lose. You will join the great unwiped
Well, there are also repeater cross bows available now. Jörg Sprave for reference, on YouTube.
Not so much shops closing as no imported toilet paper getting in. You do import a fair bit.
She'll use that photo as comfort when she's no loo roll left in the house?
There’s a huge Christmas tree made of bog rolls in the window of my local opticians, it’s the first place I’ll be heading to when the looting starts!
I am sorry to say this to you, but there is no way I am pulling any shit *without* using toilet paper.
Best get used to using leaves from now on, or the cunningly named “dog arsewiping method” on available grass. We’ll all be doing it in six months anyway, in between the food riots.
Do not need it, I use the brexit leaflet with the nhs bus lie on it, like brexit it ends up smeared everywhere I was assured it would not go....
I’m fine. I’ve just discovered my 2019 Brexit emergency stockpile
Ditto my Gousto order that I should have cancelled because I wasnt going to be here for Christmas. (Have just placed my first who gives a crap order).
You'll also have sh*tty arse!
Ahha, a pre Brexit bonus, possible Brussels free Christmas,  sprouts that is sorry.
I was wondering this for a delivery on the 2nd. Could not get any earlier. Bit worried for now as we had meant to do basics grocery shopping this week to tide us over
Some do, most do not in my experience
Finally, a use for all that discarded wrapping paper.
Behold
VONCYVONC
If you were a polish truck driver delivering to UK would you come if you didn’t know there was a good chance of getting back? Therein lies the problem
Message will be to not panic buy... cue the panic buying
It's wiping not pulling.
Might be because Lord Sainsbury has a massive EU pension and is 100% remain having invested hundreds of millions into the remain campaign..Not biased at all
My order has just arrived...just missing AAA batteries (again!) and Magnum double caramel (bastards!)Got away quite lightly really...
I think you are right. Def the most Wokey liberal Supermarket on the high street. Clearly a great management team who make great strategic calls - like buying Argos.
They will let u know usually on the day if there r items missing or swapped...
I shopped at Sainsbury’s for many years but nearly always paying  by cash not card. I could not get a slot. Tesco however came good and I’ve used them ever since.
The ports are open...
Just because Sky is reporting it, does not mean the government are briefing it.
Oh dear Sainsbury's #fail
There are plenty of papermills in the UK with warehouses full of toilet paper. And at the end of the day there is always the Sun or the Mail on the nail in the Ty Bach.
‘Pull that shit with the toilet paper’ - only in times of constipation
Or Cerignola olives
That’s Sky news for you.
I saw a mother and daughter buying 72 toilet rolls this morning. They had a pack of 24 each, were about to walk away when mum said better get another one just in case. Heaven help us.
Turnips according to an old Dutch saying
I have to be honest and say I have been building my stocks up over time. Foresight is part of a remainer's skillset. Panic buying is only for Brexstremists!
Do not worry it will be bread this time.
Why make things even shittier than they already are? Did you know.....that while 50% of the UK's bog roll is made in the UK they apparently rely on wood imports from the EU.
Sainsbury support the Labour party
Macron has had a
Not us!
Because they need those lorries too! People should be able to see this silly political posturing by the French and scaremongering about a mutant strain by our criminal government
They do not. My friend used to do the deliveries. Last year someone ordered a turkey, they'd run out so they were  given turkey ham instead. That's so 2020.
Ca not understand that, it's Ginger Nuts for me. Every time.
Brexit supporting Daily Mail gives an optimistic perspective of the supply of Toilet Paper following a No Deal Brexit.
Produce in Tesco Very Fresh
That’s one way of putting it!
Oh and another thing. When masks were made compulsory who were first to say they would not enforce in their stores? Yep @sainsburys . Wrong message again
And they halved the value of their nectar points promotion, too.
And which CEO when announcing the ill fated takeover of Asda (thank God that was vetoed) was caught singing “we’re in the money”. Yep you got it @sainsburys
Spam?
And shitty.
Will find out tomorrow morning.
Time for a bidet?
Our @Sainsbury does not force people.
So right, to get a bit of cheap publicity they risk stirring up panic buying. As for their online offering it is sometimes a case of one third as ordered, one third missing and one third substituted. I gave up with them
Who's panicking?
Rations are the next step!
Buy the Daily Mail it’s cheaper
Luv your way with words
Maybe those desperate for vaccines?
Because our govt are a bunch of liars
Pro tip- get the big rolls of cleaning paper from Wickes
Basically you are screwed. At the best of times, online grocery shops close to Christmas are full of omissions and inappropriate substitutions. Be prepared to only get half of what you actually ordered.
That’s intentional in case you didn’t know.
Yes we wo not be caught on the hop again!
They should lift the panicked lockdown too but they wont as peoples welfare means less than the profit on those lorries
I only did that once, never again, i don’t like substitutes
It's OK I've still got rooms of the stuff from the first lockdown, the Govt handling of the crisis has made me so constipated I have not been getting through the stockpile nearly so fast as I had anticipated. Prunes are the new toilet paper....
My experience has been they sell what they have, so there's little point in ordering until the night before. I had an order sorted with in-stock items a week before it was due but by the delivery day items I'd ordered were out of stock
Just roll with it
Its a ploy. Panic buying will bouy up the economy. They want us to Panic buy
Do not worry @IanDunt, the lack of food will mean you wo not be eating, so you wo not be shitting much either mate.
use the curtains
It's sky, do not watch it, if they say it's raining look outside..
You guys should be stockpiling on broccoli, not on toilet paper
I went out and grabbed 50 rolls before the cunts started panic buying.
Get involved with these guys and you want have this problem ever again! https://twitter.com/whogivesacraptp?s=21…
They did not. It is the usual rubbish from Sky.
MSM creating unnecessary panic as per.
Sainsbury's are warning of cauliflower shortages...
Touche!
Don’t worry - there must be plenty of copies of the Telegraph and the Mail to serve all your needs.
Jacob Reese-Mogg uses toilet roll made of leather from human skin.
None in Lidl on Saturday.
Gets people spending money though, innit.
I was wondering the same thing.
Only bright side Is you’re getting paid .
Siiiigghhh
It happened in Sydney last weekend
But do get on their subscription BEFORE a crisis maybe  they’re great in Australia too.  None of that weak fluffy paper either.
I did not last time, but I think I will today. :/ My sense of solidarity with this country has worn down to a nub.
I took precautions last week against these idiots. I thought stockpiling again was likely so I bought ten 36 packs just in case.
Is “livid” slang for “wiping my butt with my hand and washing it afterwards”?
Six am. No queues but fairly busy . God knows what it's like now
No.  Next going on Christmas Eve
They will give you a subsitute. No sprouts left , here is a turnip.
Wiping your arse with the sun or the Mail, is like wiping your feet to go outside.
Wandered down to local Waitrose. Longer queues than I have seen before - headed home.
...nasty queue outside Marks in Crawley today (in the rain), decided to come back towards closing time
I went at 8 am. It was about as busy as a normal Saturday morning but was much busier by the time I finished. I am glad I went early - I got everything on my list.
Thanks.
Not looking good, Brexit has come early and @Keir_Starmer doesn’t want an extension......I despair https://twitter.com/NedleyJames/status/1340985884297072646…
10.30 huge queue at waitrose in Alton Hampshire.  I left waiting was more than 1 hour
Aldi in Northumberland at 7.30am. Busy, well stocked, well organised. No panic buying evident at all. Just Christmas food.
There's a full military to do everything
Absolutely packed but the shelves still seemed to be well stocked. I saw a few people stocking up on things like baked beans but no real sign of significant panic buying (large Tesco, West London).
Normal. No madness. Well stocked
Yes. At 8am. It was fine with just a shortage of loo rolls. Tier 2 area.
Some pretty full car parks in Fife but, it is the first day of folk potentially being off for Christmas. I think there’s a lot of people who will see how busy it is and assume it’s because of the shortages and panic, I think it’s partly just this time of year ...
Local Tesco Express completely normal in Surrey. But trying the bigger Waitrose tomorrow
Ah, always the toilet paper...
Although banners like this don’t help
Went to our local M&S at 6.00am when they opened, to do our Christmas food shopping. Quiet at 6 but got busier by the time I left. Staff in good spirits and very helpful as per usual. Glad I went early.
Not sure extension can happen under withdrawal agreement. Should have been done in June.
All gone!!
Unless it's a "dark store" that's never open to the public (I think these exist in some places).
I have been to both Asda and Marks and Spencer and both were very civilized
Very quiet 1st thing in Sainsburys, fruit and veg shelves fully stocked
T4, SW London- arrived at 7.50, had to queue for 25 minutes. Heaps of stock and well organised but very very busy. Good luck!
OH at Aldi picking up some fizz etc. Says huge queue for first time in ages.   I’m very glad I got the other Xmas bits yesterday!
Not me, but my daughter works in one and called me. Feeling unsafe due to sheer numbers in the fresh food area
I had a click and collect booked at my local Tesco, nothing was substituted/missing and the car park for the store itself, while a little busy, did not seem too bad.There was no one queueing to get in, so the store was not at capacity
Does this country produce anything?
Went to fill up with petrol. Half the pumps not working and no diesel "until further notice". Do not know if this was just coincidence.
In which case there are going to be some epic threads of what substitutes people received.
Same. Just back from NW London Tesco and M;S. Very organised and very civilised.
Went at 8:00 this morning, not to bad in Morrisons at Caterham.
Very quiet in my local supermarket at lunchtime - but that is in Southwest France!
Just went. Probably about 10-15 mins queue outside compared to no queue usually.
@crowdless_app is good for that
Just went through my local smallish Co-OP and it was a dream -- no queues and shelves full. Things may have been different if I'd gone to the big Sainsbury's down the road.
There’s a queue of cars backed up to the nearest roundabout
Long queues outside pharmacy, coop as normal.
Sycamore leaves are a good substitute. Sustainable too. We made the switch last summer. Course, I've been barred from the local park now.
Friends of mine have just been to the local Lidl. It was reasonably busy but it was well stocked with everything. I’ve got MS so they’ve suggested I go at about 7pm when it’s normally much quieter. Penzance (tier 1).
No problems at all in Tescos or Sainsbury. Normal Monday
M&S heaving v early. Long queue to get in. Couldn’t be bothered. Went next door to Aldi. Peaceful and quiet (and a lot cheaper.)
Yes, it was fine.
I get mine delivered.
if they do it with broccoli though, meh.
Brussels Sprouts are banned. The clue’s in the name. #Brexit
Not many loo rolls. What is it with loo rolls?
Asda just delivered my Christmas shop without sproutsOut of stockNo sprouts for Christmas
They already have, Ian.
Wife just returned from Asda... not as bad as she thought it would be... she even managed to pick up a lettuce! :-)
Kier's not actually in power you know?
lidl busy just gone 0730 this morning, people doing the christmas shop - pigs in blankets etc they just released all the really good stuff, excuse the pun. people buying salad & veg everyone picked up a 24 pack loo roll.  car park full when i left felt.  felt christmassy but ok
Tesco sent text messages out for those who had turkeys prebooked not to panic when it shows as not available
It won’t have any impact for a while !
Fighting in supermarkets over bog-roll again? This is the Wai(trose)...
Long queue outside our local Marks & Spencer food store (just received photo from person standing in the queue!).
Yes, Tesco's in North Shields. Was completely normal plenty of stock and no panic buying that I could see. Ca not see it lasting though.
Went to Lidl at 10am as working full Xmas eve. Was just the same really. Not that busy.
Fine, although I went v early. No problems in Tesco or M&S foodhall. I live in Scotland.
Pretty quiet in Morrisons and Lidl. Shelves better stocked that usual for a Monday morning.
Tier 1. That's a myth, is not it? A pipe dream to keep us motivated.No, seriously, thanks for the report, and glad you're in the lowest tier.
Lidl in Alnwick - shelves were well stocked.
8am trip in NW town. Not too busy at all. No checkout queues. Everything I wanted in stock although was just getting some final food items.
exactly the same at my morrisons  in tier 2. phone calls being made to try to sort it
Busy but fully stocked
Did the usual once a week early morning run - busier than usual. Had to queue to get in (at 07:30!) for the first time & inside, social distancing was crap.Took twice as long as I kept stopping in clear space to let the eejits scrabble - even though there was plenty of stock.
Colourful...
Went yesterday evening - no empty shelves, most things available.
Nice & quiet in North Lanarkshire
Get your toilet roll from @WhoGivesACrapTP  50% of profits go to building toilets in less developed countries
I went to Tescos this morning ( always go on monday) and it was bedlam around the fruit and veg isles.
No. They don’t. You just don’t get them.
No panic buying in Bath, especially in my community, who were well served by our local shops last spring and through Covid.
Aisles
Went to M&S in Bromley just after 6am. Walked straight in, was same amount of folk shopping as i’d expect to see on a normal Saturday @ 9-10am. Plenty of stock. Big up to the staff.
Morrisons & Aldi early this morning. Shelves still full, stores no busier than usual.
I've been to two this morning. Busy but not heaving. One had a queue of three people to get in. High mask compliance. No anger, no rage.Though I was told by a neighbour that Tesco was queuing round the block first thing today.
Sainsburys in Farnham was packed just after 6 this morning. Shelves were well stocked though
local Sainsburys no issues, no difference
Fine here in Lidl and Tesco (Midlands)
Tesco Express first thing, plenty of milk and bread, veg a bit low. I was the only one there.
Nope. Do not need anything.
Are they near the Hebrides? #GrammarPolis
You put it so nicely.
I have...was busy but there wasn’t any shortages!
Went to big Tesco in brent X. Was ok, small queue, some products starting to run thin but by and large everything is stocked.Problem will be panic buyers, assuming the French open up again soon
If you’ve waited until now you have no excuse, pretty sure you’re in a position to afford an emergency Brexit box of essentials.
It really was not too bad.  It was raining hard. That might have helped!
5.30 am to tesco. Was busy but OK. Plenty of stock. Much busier by time I left at 6.15.
Sheffield Morrison at 8am, toer 3. Busier than usual but not crazy at all, shelves very well stocked for a Monday morning. Clearly expecting lots of customers
You been drinking Dunt?
Pewsey Co-op was a bit busier than usual. Nothing seemed in short supply except tomatoes. More tills open than normal, so no queues. Everyone in masks.The post office had a long queue (25 minutes?) as everyone who'd planned to hand over presents in person posted them instead.
Goodness! Seems so variable across the UK.
Not too bad. Low on carrots , but plenty of stuff still on the shelves.
If it's @Tesco then no they do not. Placed order 2 weeks ago for delivery 19th. My veggie 'crown roast' was not delivered. Spoke with customer services who said the items were picked on delivery day and 'it's just like if you went into the shop yourself'. So no Christmas dinner
Vaccine shortages give me a break...
A bit mad to be honest.
M&S at 6.15am - no queuing outside, but busyish inside. Farm Shop for opening at 9am - no queue and no one around. Waitrose 9.45 queued outside for around 5 mins - not too busy inside and all three were really well stocked. Food shopping finished and cooking time starts.
From poor people of course...
Bahahahahahaha, unfortunately the supermarkets are fucking rammed round my way, I only wanted to pick up my fresh veg for Christmas day and it was like a scene from World War Z.
Pretty average in Co-Op, Iceland & Lidl, in North Bristol. There is a permanent long queue outside Waitrose, no idea why, it's been like that all year. I never go there.
Absolutely fine. Not too busy and well stocked
I went at 9am in Asda Swansea. No queues outside. Started to get a bit busier as I was leaving but that may be standard xmas week.
My wife went at 7:30 this morning. Almost no chickens, no potatoes and the place was rammed...
Well our village Volg here in Switzerland (max capacity 21 people) had 4 people in today even as it was the last day people could ski before resort closes tomorrow... quiet life in the mountains!
Sainsbury’s, Shrewsbury, 8am, starting to get busy, car park 80% full, people starting to queue up to get in the store. Slightly busier than I would have expected, at the start of Christmas week.
It’s a cycle they like to keep us in... fear.
Was OK. Bit like a Saturday
Bought 52 packs today...
Not yet if I am forced to I always make sure its in the last hour of trading so less people about.
I would love to do that but I have neither the time or the money
Fine here, some queues but that’s just to limit the amount of customers shelves well stocked every one wearing masks, tier 2
They aren’t round here. Sense by all
Hubby currently in Aldi, busy but plenty of stock got everything he went inc fresh fruit & veg, Stockport
Not supermarket but local M&S. Queue around the block! Luckily I’d thought to book a slot but a bit too many people inside for my liking
Busy but no evidence of panic buying
Tesco in Harlow has a queue going out of the car park is that's any guide.
Yes. Very busy.The sharp elbowed investing in tinned or freezable stuff.
Happy I made the move away from toilet roll some months ago. No need to worry (and I've still got some I bought in June that I can flog to the neighbours!)
Long Queue for the very large Sainsburys, Smaller Aldi busy but ok.  SW London.
if you need to pull it something's gone wrong
Oldham Sainsbury's was busy but well stocked this morning at 9.30am
7am, Waitrose in Greenwich. Busy. No sprouts.
Tweet of the year
Asda at 10 am, not too busy, plenty of stock, in other news I boycotting Morrisons because they are opening on Boxing Day, ca not give their staff 2 days off after they've worked through this pandemic
Don’t shop there anymore after their SAFE AREAS FOR BLACKS CRAP another one on my list of boycotts
Very good point, which has crossed my mind as I have a delivery due on Wednesday with all we need for Xmas lunch.
Quiet in Sainsbury’s but was starting to get busy by the time I left with a queue forming outside.  Got everything I needed apart from sprouts
Busy, plenty on the shelves.
I went to a big Tesco in Cambridge at 12 today. Quite busy - first time in ages I've seen a queue at the door. Shelves well stocked, but customers restricted to 3 of any one product in a few panic categories - rice, pasta, flour, bogroll. Good mask wearing, poor distancing.
Waitrose at 11. Waited 15 mins to get in. Had most stuff minus turkey and pecans
Very busy!
Just got back from Tesco C&C in Llanelli - surprised pretty much everything in stock and did not seem any busier than usual pre xmas times.
It'll be fruit and veg now... Empty shelves by tomorrow afternoon I'd hazard a bet
Waitrose is the only shop around me that actually bothers to monitor how many people in the store at one time.  Might be people feeling safer shopping somewhere more organised.
I only walked past, but the local small Tesco seemed fine
I’d love the chance to stockpile toilet roll.  However the cats would hunt it down and shred it.
Outside Aldi at 12:55pm there’s a small queue waiting to be let in. Car park about 80% full
Asda in Hinckley, sort of busy this morning. Shelves looking a bit thin in places...
I could not agree more.
"Pull that shit" - see what you did there.
Aldi in Ashbourne quite busy, but ok. Shelves well stocked too!
surely by now every sensible person has a huge stash of toilet paper in the loft?
Wo not be going, I have Coronavirus
pretty busy for 7 am on a Monday but otherwise ok
Husband's been to a Co-op and said it was nothing out of the ordinary.
Not bad. In fact once inside the store is was less crowded than usual. Praps they should do it every year.
Some fuckers have been spotted online claiming they are buying up click and collect slots and selling them at a markup.This could be trolling/click bait and or a scam too.. but ...either way ... No... just no
aldi was ok, was queuing saturday tho
Too busy at local big supermarket. Cars rammed all over. I used the local co-op  which was just fine, plenty of stuff in there.
I've been 'collecting' toilet paper since July. But I do have Crohn's and I was not taking any chances with the panic buyers this time round.
7am, about the same as 9am any other time of year.
Carrots and sprouts this time
Agree Ian !! It was a bit of a Bummer ! Mate
It's already started.......
Just had a phone call from my son at a supermarket in London, panic buying in full swing!
Have not used it for 50y filthy habit
Morrison’s and Aldi were busy, but no more so than you might expect, plenty of stock. The queue outside M&S Food was going round the car park so gave up. There must just be rich people stockpiling in Ripon N.Yorks so far...
Been to Aldi and Sainsbury’s this morning (our regular shopping day) both quite busy but well stocked
Busy but well stocked
Hubby went to Asda this morning. It was v v busy.
Small town in Brittany Northern France2 local supermarkets quiet, fully stocked, normal ...... No panic buying because they're cut off from Stay safe #ToryIncompetence #BorisFailedBritain
Waitrose Richmond at 8am. Shelves heaving - excellent, @waitrose.  By 8:30 a queue to enter was building up outside.
6 am Tesco. I go then as Im awake and it’s quiet. Fair stock. More people than first lockdown.
Does it really matter as long as you have food surely you can celebrate Christmas with any food people need to calm down
Could you please stop using the 'c word'? We get the message without it.
I have 180 rolls.  I will ship you some.
Didn’t I hear somewhere the Bank of England was moving towards accepting toilet paper as coin of the realm?
No citrus fruit.
I guess it is a miracle you Brits have no snow. Use leaves and used masks instead.
Same as usual
Very busy but its Christmas shelves full for now
"The morally incontinent"
Thankfully toilet rolls are made in the UK are not they? Anything fresh from EU is starting to run out and not be replenished
went to Sainsburys at 9am.  walked straight in, no problems.as I was at the checkout an hour later the queue to get in went round the carpark
Apparently Waitrose Romsey heaving
M&S in Winchester busy but not overly so. Well stocked at noon.
Sainsbury's local fine - friends said big supermarkets v busy and some empty shelves (Brighton/Hove)
Yes. I went to Waitrose,  got there for 9.20. Fine. Quite a few people in there but not crowded. Started filling up as I was going through the checkout.  Got everything on my list. Whole shop took approx 1 hour.
Yes, it was fineAdmittedly I got there at 5.40 By the time I left at 6.30 it was bedlam though.
Lidl and Sainsbury’s today. Both acceptable for this time of year.
calm, stocked, quiet
I walked in wearing a mask.They told me to lay down whilst some ladies performed various odd liquidy massages. It was nice but pricey.Then I went to the Sainsbury's metro next door, which was cheaper but less squelchy.
Well stocked shelves and good prices at Aldi in N Swindon
Been to ASDA, no problems, loads of fresh fruits and vegetables, shelves fully packed.
normal
I've just been to Waitrose. It was busy. No turkey or chickens on the shelves only what people had pre-ordered. Some of the shelves were not stacked up as much as usual. No empty shelves at the moment.
Same in S LondonCar park 75% full at 6.30 this morning
A friend had her Christmas shopping order cancelled last night, from Sainsbury's. Seriously unimpressed.
Big Sainsb, Catford/Sydenham. 7am. Fuller than usual. No social distancing applied. Amazingly no queue at checkout. Everything in stock. If we are careful about what we cook when, and what we eat when, we wo not need to shop again till 26th or 27th (and will go to small shops).
Same in Penzance. No supermarket for me! Thornes and Weigh In only...
Well, not pull but wipe.
Wife went this morning at 9am to the Sainsbury’s local - no drama.
I went to Marks and Sparks. A few minutes wait to get it. Food hall well stocked. Everyone behaving themselves. Streets relatively empty considering its Christmas seem. Either people have been shopping online or are leaving shopping till last minute.
Everyone piles into the supermarkets to panic buy and spreads the virus worse than opening up for a 5 day Christmas bash. ,  or ?
Walked right on by....there is nothing I need enough to stand in that queue....nothing.
Just been to morrisons. Was fine. Although a queue to get in when I left. The limit on numbers because of covid has made Christmas food shopping better at least.
You could always try with this - I can find no better use for it
Did my usual 7:15am shop for work this morning at my local Tesco. It was extremely busy for that time of the morning. The car park is usually 90% empty, it was approx 75% full.
You do not get them.  I went into my Tesco online order twice after confirming to add things, and each time odds and ends kept on being unstocked.  Check your order on morning of 22nd and at least select some substitutes.
I put in my supermarket in google and it tells me how busy they are.
Fortunately I managed to get an online delivery last Sat.....Knew the shops would be like this. Feel for you
Losing the run of yourself Ian! Lol
Rammed. People buying up food that needs eating by Christmas eve. Still not that different to most previous years pre-christmas food shops. But for masks and door staff doing a head count.
Done Sainsbury's and Tesco.Both quiet and plenty of stock. Quinton in Brummie and Selly Oak.
It was fine actually (08.00 Truro Sainsbury’s)Well managed in store. No queue to get in. Shelves very well stocked.
Went to Morrison’s in Workington for our regular Monday/ Tuesday shop. Absolutely fine, little evidence of shortages and no queues there.
Queue for 15 mins at first supermarket and waited 10 minutes to park at second. Cumulative driving time max 15 minutes and I was out for 2 hours. It’s unbelievably busy, especially as I went out just before 9.30.
Did they brief, or is this the usual malignant insider leaking selective bollox?
Waitrose, Canary Wharf at about 7:15.It was busy, but nothing like Sunday according to the cashier. Social distancing was difficult, and I saw one fractious exchange after a shopper almost pushed another aside at the vegetable aisle. There were a couple of people ahead as I paid
are you seriously not stocked up?  I did the loo roll in October.
Tesco in Thirsk was much busier than normal but all shelves well stocked. Seemed like a pre Christmas shop just slightly earlier the is usual.
It's picked on the day of delivery. If they're out of stock you'll get a substitution.
They have not!!
First I passed John Simpson. Then Jeremy Bowen. But when I saw Kate Adie by I just turned round and ran.
Unless the shelves are empty.
I wouldn’t subject my backside to that
I really hope so. Got my big Brexit shop being delivered on 22nd
Stop the world please. I want off
Tesco was normal this morning. No obvious gaps and no panic buying. This is one of their branches near the Scottish Border (not going to be exact sorry)
Went at midnight. Me, a handful of other customers and some shelf stackers working to loud disco cheese. Got almost everything with minimal stress.
Plenty in my Tesco this morning.....for now
Certainly money to be made from it. I bought a 45 roll pack of Cushelle Ultra Quilted in Costco last week for £15. The same pack is for sale on eBay at £39.99.
Busier than a normal Monday lunchtime but perhaps a pre xmas boost? A few trolleys full of toilet roll but no shortages apparent. I picked uo some brocolli because the news pointed out this might be in short supply. Morrisons in Scotland.
With the state of everything at the mo would not bank on it.
Plenty in our spare room...er I mean ASDA
Nightmare.
They are doing.
A big queue to get in, but once inside it was easy as the numbers were strictly limited. Plenty of everything stacked high.
That's what your left hand is for.Just keep a small amount of folded newspaper in reserve to clean out under your fingernails!
To be fair it was not me.
Husband went to Waitrose in Poole, Tier 2, about 7.45. Parking still available, getting busy. They were making people queue as he left about 8.30. He wanted to avoid crowds later in the week.
fine, no real queues,
Have they briefed it tho or is Sky just creating?BBC have been spoiling for a bit panic buying with the odd headline hinting at it for weeks. Long before the latest covid development.
No, they replace them with good old English turnips.
Sainsbury’s nine elms (Vauxhall, London) just before lunchtime: a bit busier than normal, full shelves
I was there first thing to do my Xmas shop. Lots of people about even before 7am. Shelves were bursting with produce - only sage sold out.
Yeah let’s see how that works out
Tbh supermarkets should be stopping this shit
Nope you order and if they've got it on delivery date you get it if they have not you do not ... it's going to be a fun run up to xmas...
Biggest queue in Spain for El Gordo lottery!
Busy!
Lidl loo rolls gone in Hartlepool! I mean..why loo rolls ffs?
0700 Cambs Waitrose biggish queue for entry. Veg area scrumlike good stock levels. Shop noticeably more crowded too.
My local Sainsbury's Superstore, currently open from 6am to midnight: busy, but bearable. No shortages that I was aware of.
Yes, Asda 7:30am. Busy.  Loads of veg.  Not much citrus (been like this 3 weeks). Everything stocked. Staff re-filling.
A nation that is desperate to go the shops on boxing day, after one whole day of closed shops is singularly unsuited to food shortages.
Tier 2: local Tesco’s, car park was more full than i’d seen it since March, queue to get in, but reasonably ok. Certainly no different to previous years in build up to Xmas.  Good levels of stock (better than my online Morrison’s big order on Friday!)
Went 8:30 this morning in North London, considering run up to Xmas as well, not very busy.
Went to Sainsbury's at midday. No queue to get in. Shelves well stocked, including fruit and veg. Busier than it has been recently but nothing like the usual 4 day before Christmas busy. It seems from reports that shops were much busier first thing. Tier 4.
Quite busy and rather long lines out the door. But everyone is being reasonable, waiting, wearing masks and no panic buying. There does seem to be lots and lots of stock too.
60% of toilet paper, or material to make it, come from EU!It is not often recycled so we either half our usage, or double immodium input!Which do you suggest?There are suppliers who normally deliver to industry and restaurants, buy in bulk from them, not the Supermarket!
What do they taste like?
I learnt from that and stopped using it. Top tip: there's no shortage on flannels, bedsheets and strong hand soap!
Went to Tesco full of trepidation & grumpy cos of all the bad news.  But parked with no probs, had to queue for few mins cos of traffic light system but inside was busy but not manic & saw no one panic buying.  Came back happier than when I went out Shame I forgot the coffee!
Vaccine shortage
I'm pretty sure some of them still have some toilet paper left over from the first lockdown.
Amazing conveniently supply a 96 roll package.#NoAssLeftBehind
That's why they are doing public panic buying masking shortages then an excuse to cancel Brexit.The London exodus was triggered buy the Government.Now they can close down UK and blame you cos its spreadAre people awake yet!
Yes - went to my local Tesco superstore at 9. Walked straight in. Was all very civilised. Lots of stock of everything- no obvious panic buying. Lots of turkeys, veg, Christmas snacks. No big queues at checkouts - all good
Should have added - Tier 2 in Essex.
Sky reporting
It was busy but OK and well managed by staff.
It’s not just you
Aberdeenshire, Scotland - Normal for time of year
Aldi Old Kent Road, big queue outside but moved fast and once in no issues and plenty of stock.
Stupidly busy even though we're in the NE so miles away from the Tier 4 madness
Shelves still OK for food though at present
London, 7am - busier than any time this year but fully stocked and staff topping up. Left at 8:30, number of customers had doubled, no queueing being enforced. Less worried about stock (it's all in the UK already), more about spread risk - what happened to the queues of spring?
Because they are completely incompetent.
Went to local sainsburys at 6.30 this morning. Good stock and not many people which is why I went at that time.
Busy
It was ok.
Went to Waitrose first thing. Longish queue but because of 1 in, 1 out. Well stocked, found everything I needed for Christmas (I was worried the duck was off!). Tier 2.
My stepdaughter went to a couple in Poole mid-morning & said she'd never seen anything like it - very large queues to get into the carpark, etc.
Apparently it's sprouts this time.
Yup.   Wife went to local co-op and Tesco Metro here in Cardiff at 11:00 this morning.  All fresh fruit and veg gone. Frozen as well.
Bristol 9am today. Shelves all full. Normal pre-Xmas busyness but nothing more
Been to 3 today, busy but shelves are stocked up no sign of panic buying yet.
Popped into the Co-op. A little busier than normal but otherwise fine.
A local Farm shop. #sprouts were flying off the shelves
Surely they’ll be giving the surplus away as Christmas presents?
Plus the fact that most is being re-routed through two other ports ASAP as reported ON @SkyNews one on the S/Coast is not the only door?In other words PROJECT MSM FEAR it is getting a bit old now we know them?
I do not want to sound prudish, and the point you're making is valid.... but is not using the word 'cunt' in this context an abuse of a perfectly legitimate part of the female anatomy?
Sainsbury’s busy but not awful this morning. Over flowing shelves. That’s not surprising as the stock must have been in the pipeline for a day.
Busy in Sainsbury’s this morning but as you’d expect a few days before Christmas. Queues to get in but no queues at the tills. Not planning to visit any supermarkets again before Christmas if I can possibly help it.
Fine at 7 am
Yes Waitrose. Was there abt 12.30pm. It was busy, busy, busy....long queue of ppl outside waiting to get in, but the queue moved quickly so it was not too bad. The shop itself - pretty full of ppl eg clash of shopping trolleys- but  shelves well-stocked. I got everything I wanted.
Luckily went to M&S yesterday. Walked straight in filled our trolley no queues got everything we needed. This was about 1 pm. Asked lady if they’d been busy she said they’d been queuing around the shop block b4 opening. Think we were just lucky. This was Carmarthen.
It's lettuce we have to worry about! On the other hand would a world without lettuce be so bad?
Ok. Bit of a queue
No, but went to the farm shop (run on an honesty basis), peace and calm.
Dry goods are in stock but fresh food is not.
At 9:15 or so here: Aldi car park chock-a-block, no chance to park there. Waitrose, long, long queuesASDA's local branch was perfect though. No queue, not too busy, and well stocked.
It does not take the govt to trigger panic buying. People that are incapable of following basic rules and then blame the govt for thier own shortfalls are the trigger. People need to blame themselves mostly. The govt can only respond to the science and try to cope with the people
Prices marked down already on Xmas offers such as sweets, Pringles etc
Why ca not they just wash their arse in the fucking sink if they run out paper?
Too late.
I doubt they did.
It’s all about olive oil and chorizo now.
Could you see from there what the car park was like for M;S Simply Food?
Quiet at 7:00am
You have the soul of a poet, and no mistake.
Calm. One lady with wild eyes and loads of PPE chucking tonnes of tins and dried pasta into her trolley but otherwise normal, calm, sensible and polite with people shopping normally.
Busy. No parsnips.
Veg section was empty.  No parsnips to be had in the two shops i went to. Ended up with frozen ones.
Livid no problem - just don’t shit yourself!
Wife went to co-op and Tesco in Canton.  Very little fresh produce left in co-op (all staples gone) and very little frozen.  Low on other stuff.   I drove to M&S.  Large queue and running short of some staples.   Both had plenty cakes biscuits anf choccies
No bloody toilet roll!
Yes. Went to Tesco. Very very busy but no apparent shortages...yet.
Ok. Lidl has everything in stock
It seems to be parsnips this time
Morrisons  NW London, at noon, plenty of people but at ok level, everything stocked.
Tesco heaving since 5 am, it was not pretty
But its skynews though. They lie a lot
Normal. Still lots of toilet rolls on the shelves.
I went at 12 noon, near Cambridge. Had to queue to get in but staff were refilling shelves continuously.
Panic buying is good for the economy - particularly when everywhere is stocked up with Christmas things. This was deliberate, calculated, and probably achieved the exact desired aim.
Only went to our excellent local farm shop. Had to queue for about 5 min. No shortages. Dreading going to Sainsbury's later in the week.
So much toilet paper, that it was juxtaposed just outside the entrance.
Just got back from Morrison’s. If anything, a bit less busy than normal.
Sky News being creative again. Making the news instead of reporting it. The BBC and ITV are quite good at this.
Busier than usualSome evidence of gaps with loo roll, medicines
To be fair this was yesterday, not today!
This morning. Queuing - first time for a couple of months at least. Not as bad as first lockdown but getting there.
Only to the local Tesco Express. Was slightly busier than normal but not massively so. A few of the shelves were starting to get a bit empty but apparently it's the last day before a delivery so that's to be expected.
Sounds reasonable given our crooked government.
Even Conservative MPs are speaking out against Boris Johnson's tyrannical Covid restrictions. Quote from Graham Brady: "the policies have been far too authoritarian. I think they have interfered in people's private and personal lives in a way which is unacceptable".
Marks & Spencer, Welwyn Garden City. Marginally less crowded than usual. Everyone masked up, but a distinct lack of crispy duck!
Too many illegal immigrants getting stuck at Calais for their liking.
Isn’t that what one does with toilet paper?
Same in my part of SW France too. An empty well stocked Lidl at 12.00. Best time to go shopping
I live in a small n. yorks market town & was in Lidl at 9 a.m. and it was busier than usual but not that bad.
Good at 10 past 7 this morning. No shortages .. but huge queue when I left at 20 past 8!
Not bad - I was expecting empty shelves in the fresh produce sections, but I guess a lot of people have the opposite problem with food for 6 people to use on 2. Shit's going to hit the fan after Xmas.
Yup, on the way to drop off an overnight bag for my landlord who is in hospital with SARS2, plenty of everything bar ready meals. Plenty of selection boxes of cheese, this, that and the other, though.
My friend said one was almost empty and the other was absolutely rammed.
Got there early ... before BroccoliGate broke. Hearing of 2 mile Gridlock in Workington and similar in Cockermouth
Not been to the Supermarket- only the Doctors in central Romsey. The streets were very busy- like running up to Christmas pre-pandemic. On the way back there was traffic jams leading into Romsey. That was at about lunchtime.
There is a lion in Lidl.
Because panic buying is the desired effect. Deflective manoeuvre to avert gazes from the Convid scamdemic and imminent Brexit sell-out. “If we walked away without a deal we would have had empty shelves forever”.
We all know it was in the middle aisle
Yeah, but our toilet roll production is totally dependent on imported raw materials
Two weeks of takeaways it is
Not been to a supermarket for months. I only ever get deliveries.
They want us to blame the Europeans for all this mess. Is the EU walking into their trap?
Same here- click and collect every couple of weeks, veg deliveries regularly from local green grocer plus signed up to the local milkman. I'm not going into any covidy shops any time soon!
There was very little mask wearing and no distancing
Our neighbours down the road are probably still living amongst the 2 full boot-loads I saw them unloading in March. Bell-ends.
MnS. Mobbed
My late mum, born a scouser, used to recite a little rhyme that went: “wherever I go I take my po, and a little bit of last night’s Echo”. So there’s always alternative options....
I’ve 29 rolls left here. I shan’t be participating
Yup lettuce and cauliflower - panic!Bloody journalists - and we think Covid is the virus!
Come and borrow some of ours.
Use any swear words but not that one please. Makes every woman I know cringe as often used against us in bad situations.  Thank you.
Sky news as usual causing mass hysteria!!
Night time shopping maybe
Buy a bidet.
Dead quiet at Lidl. Sold out of some bits but mostly fine!
Because, they're, utterly unfit to  be in charge of anything. How did we get into this mess in the first place.
It was Dad wot bought all the twixes  ,  sorry about that
Preston (Walton) Waitrose. Arrived about 11:00. Had to queue for 10 minutes to get in. Queue biggest since summer. Not that busy inside. Some shelves bit thin and couple of things I'd like to have got were not there. I do wonder if Preston sometimes gets thin wedge from Waitrose
Don’t the supermarket control the numbers? It looks like bedlam! #SocialDistancing  #Solidarity
Nope. Same here in Buckinghamshire. Queued for 20 minutes this morning and definitely some empty spaces on shelves.
Looks like their Marketing Director needs to update his/her/other CV
Why would they brief it?  Fairly obvious that its used as smokescreen and deflection for the significant food cost increases to come post Brexit ..
Who are you calling a hoarder ?
Mummy, when will all this Covid thing be over?Shut up and eat your toilet roll.
I don’t hear any other voices offering credible alternatives.
Seriously.
Didn’t look like it .
A name for the  ‘Source’? Or typical MSM Activism?
If you think that c***s produce s**t, you need biology lessons.
Went to three supermarkets. Got straight into Asda. No problems, got everything bar two items, no queue at tills. Queue to get into Tesco, got one missing item, short queue at till. S’bury very short queue to get in, got final item, no queue at till. Not too bad. Tomorrow Aldi!
Inbound and outbound is moving freely here on Immingham dock
8am, Waitrose in Greenwich. Busy but no queue outside - 5 free range chickens. Barely any deluxe cheese
I’m thinking of going this evening. Any news from your sources?
In my local Morrison's the managers were ignoring social distancing and allowing  the store to become overcrowded. They basically told staff who complained that if they did not like it they could take their badges off and go home.
They have already
It's was fine. Big queue OUTSIDE. Pretty normal inside. Most veg had good +6 day best before dates. No chicken thighs in the shop, or local butchers. Got everything else on my list.Massive twitter pile on for wearing a mask.
No but thanks to @sturdyAlex they're all out of Olive Oil!
Coz a psychos main thrill in life, is to keep you stressed.
People who pull shit with toilet paper,  just squeeze it out like the rest of us!
Woke supermarket who would rather go out of business than see the current govt succeed - wouldn’t want to be a shareholder
They’re picked from the shelves. No stock on the shelves, no stock in the delivery
Sainsburys has gone downhill over the last 5 years, Morrisons has moved up to a higher service provider in the Supermarket world. Aldi and Lidl are running rings around Sainsburys its just not up to scratch.
technically, that’s how it works
For a liberal you seem to be very unaware that other options are available...
Somewhat tenuous link but I do collections for royal mail in Dorset. Busiest day of the year today for me. Quite sad tho as it was mostly because people sending presents instead of travelling themselves.  Feel sorry for all tier 4 posties this week
Quite. Sterling work, all of you. Thank you.
Don’t forget a special are for Bame workers
This sentence is more than the sum of its parts. You've just summarised 2020.
If you use a sexist word to express your displeasure again, I'll be livid.
I mean area for them
Thank goodness. I thought you were going to say browned off!
Tesco Colney Hatch, it was busy. Lots of full trolleys, few gaps in places, but it looked / felt like a busy Saturday.
Mersea Island Co-op. Very quiet.
“Use newspaper,” says my 90 year old Mum.
I went to S’bury’s. Queues outside reminiscent of April & May. I aborted & went to Morrison’s. There was no queue, but it was a dystopian scene inside. With a mask & visor, it was nevertheless the first time since the beginning of this zombie movie that I feared catching ‘rona.
Dystopian in what sense? Lack of products? Not enough social distancing?
Short answer I think is NoI asked this of Tesco having ordered some wine that was on special on the site but not available in storeSurely since I’d given you a week to get it in stock it would be there next week. No.
No. Totally no. Tesco I had duck breasts on my last order before Christmas for four weeks. Day before I logged in and they were unavailable. Them's the breaks.
Olive oil stockpile is entirely rational though, right? Asking for a friend
Went to Sainsbury's lunchtime. Very busy, normal for Xmas week. Well stocked except there were clear signs of The Great Bogroll Run series 2.
That pile-on was disgusting. I’m sorry you had to deal with that.
Anyone* who hasn’t learned the lesson from March and got at least one month’s supply in the cupboard deserves to have a shitty arse.*who can afford it, obvs
I got some, but to be fair I had run out.
I got up at 4.30am for Tesco opening at 5am. It was great; well stocked and had everything except turkey foil! Only frustrating thing was the amount of stock they had in trolleys, in the middle of the aisles, ready for restocking. Not many people but more than I thought. Tier 4
That's interesting that they had all the restocking stuff already ready to go. Positive, though, I guess.
Loads available in Wilkinsons.  It’s stupid that we had a run on it last time, it gets made in the U.K.
Looking better tonight
I was using pricier M;S Foodhall in Longbridge, S Bham to avoid the queues at Sainsbury's back in spring. Guess Longbridge is not as well healed.
Thanks to @BorisJohnson and the chaos he has created
Come on Ian, give us some numbers... How many have you got to last you?
No pun intended, I hope
Went at 6:30pm to Sainsbury.  Was not too bad.  There's only so much fresh produce you can stockpile.  Maybe people have learned that it goes off and you end up throwing it away if you buy too much.
Remoaners probably
Got to eat something.
Most islands are isolated, I hope they fill in the Channel tunnel.
Here in Peckham ,nobody panic buying ,just a normal shop in Asda for me earlier today ,but I don’t live in a left wing luvvie woke neighbour hood like you obviously do
We believe you Kevin.
Not in my supermarket
Ooft which one in the end?
I was in Sainsbury Chester this am no sign of panic buying, I'd gently suggest we desist from talking about panic buying. This sort of thing can become a self fulfilling prophecy.
Not in the supermarket I was in earlier, my mums she works in or the supermarket my friend was in.
You know there'll  be a smart arse line about shortages in a supermarket owned by a workers co-operative....
Morrisons in Ayr was busy but no panic buying I could see. Seemed more like a pre Christmas rush. Plenty of toilet rolls
Tesco the same
I spy an ear of cauliflower
I’ve had a click and collect booked for tomorrow for weeks, wonder how much will be in stock now?
They were also fine for lamb
A guy in front of me at the checkout was buying about 20 bottles of Whisky and Vodka... To be fair to him, if he was panick buying, he has his priorities right.
Let’s hope people who do buy too much fruit or veg turn it into soup or stewed fruit ; freeze it.
An example: https://twitter.com/ValerieRooney1/status/1341138191823286272?s=20…
How's bog roll stocks holding up?
Depends who your delivery is with. Ocado don’t pick off the shelves in a supermarket, they buy to fulfil orders so better chance.
This individual is an associate editor of the Daily Mirror and, as such, has a responsibility to society, part of which is to desist from creating panic in the populace, in times of uncertainty.In this article, he has fallen far below these standards and should be dismissed.
Rammed. The poor chap at the till looked completely bewildered. The shoppers meanwhile were ON A MISSION. #Desperation
Hallo, people who voted for Brexit wait what coming your way
Who wants to bet if your rich you will still get to fly
Was in a tier 2 Costco this evening doing a Christmas shop and can report loads of toilet paper.  Quite a few trollies loaded up with citrus fruit (I’m not joking)
Why are people so stupid
It's not panic buying its xmas.
Hope not, got a delivery coming tomorrow for Xmas/New year. Hope nothing vital is missing again.
Of course profits for the supermarkets and their shareholders (Tories) through the roof. People have no idea what they are doing they are encouraging this profiteering.
Depends entirely If they are Brussel or Yorkshire sprouts...
It does not take much to spark panic buying.
Too busy
I was in Costco this evening, ca not say I saw any obvious panic buying
Thank goodness I’ve been buying extra food and other supplies in since the start of the year especially pet food. I feel really sorry for folk who are struggling just now, it’s going to be a nightmare soon.
Agreed!
Good!
Sainsbury is the go to panic buying site for middle class remoaners!Aldi, Lidl and Others are fine!Woke is great till the pressure is on then its every man/woman/or whatever for themselves."For the many not the few" my arse!
No need to, I already got shed full last week.
And of course advertising shortages on the telly at every news bulletin doesn’t help.
Royce? So posh!
I totally agree the media have a lot to answer for.
Looks like no veg for our Christmas Dinner ... good job I got lots of whisky in.
If you didn’t want alarm anyone why did you have to post it??
This looks like Dale’s supermarket sweep
Already happening here
Full to the brim. Loads of great, tasty food. Everyone wearing masks, decent prices.Makes me glad I moved to Germany.
Well you probably have alarmed people and thereby knowingly added to a potential problem. Well done you,  mission accomplished. Prat.
Don’t panic Bill we’ll have a huge abundance of fish
Sky reporting. Believe the opposite.
Surely they have some left from last time.
...but at least you could enjoy all the scenic glories of the North Circular.
M&S fine. Wife inadvertently left couscous at the automatic checkout (metropolitan elite or what).
Tesco, Carmarthen, this morning. Crowded, and lots of them brought their families along. Some items absent already. We're doomed.
I went to Tesco the other night at 9.30pm just before closing. It was heaving! Absolutely ridiculous. Luckily I've ordered Xmas food online.
I’m tired of people being blamed for that - bread & loo rolls ran out because people normally went to the loo a lot at work & bought sandwiches with their meal deal. Suddenly they were at home so bought more. Then the media got hold of some images from Walmart & panicked people!
“Don’t want to alarm anybody but...”Translates as: “I’ll add fuel to the panic buying narrative by posting a photo of empty shelves to incite more idiots to panic-buy...”
Choice has been much easier...
6pm awful. Far too many people. Empty in several sections, particularly vegetables. Lots of angry people having arguments about ridiculous things and forgetting to chill and remember what Christmas is about!
And people from Gosport T4  are coming into Fareham T2  - so really if people keep doing this then the result will be bad for some of the population ; QA  - but they just do not care - the I am alright jack society.
Nice part of the UK - love the highlands an lochs
#Morrisons #Solihull usual mess. Boxes in isle to trip over. #knobs without #masks thinking they’re making’ some kinda political statement #alcohol isle total mayhem in pursuit of bargain rum. Staff walking around with a kinda ‘I’m a key worker’ glow doing fuck all. Same as usual
FFS am so angry for you and everyone else plunged into such chaos
Mine are well stocked...you must live in a Labour constituency!
Lidl was okay in Portsmouth at 8 am yesterday -quiet really. No koala flavour toilet paper though so I had to get an unfamiliar brand.
Koala flavour toilet paper?
You guys are so anti-@BorisJohnson it's  bigoted & soooo boring.The PM is acting decisively v new Covid risk & driving thru Brexit against fhe sclerotic, undemocratic, fossilized EU. EU's lack of cooperation is about self preservation v inevitable disintegration @mytimes
You'll be soiled.
Oops.
Expected better of you. You did not take this photo. Several are claiming it as their photo on the internet. Stop scaremongering. Seems to be an Easter egg in the background.
Everyone needs to calm TF down.
Sainsburys (and now Argos) clearly have a highly political management who have been making poor decisions verging on activism all year. Their financial results of the last few years speak for themselves imo. I certainly choose to shop elsewhere when there is a choice.
No problems here so stop panicking Maguire..
This tweet is you purposely trying to alarm people! Which I find disgusting!The shelves in my local supermarket were overflowing, especially the loo roll! As if they were trying to make a point!! Stop scaremongering, it’s low!
Bull shit @Kevin_Maguire
Thank you for that positive reassuring message. What a complete prat you are!
Read, I DO want to alarm people which is why I'm showing this picture of some empty shelves to the 1000s of people who follow me.  What do you hope to achieve by doing this you #plank ?  Did not you used to be a journalist or something?
Well when there asking people to come & do it before the 23rd to stop a rush what do the expect
Stupid? They're trying to do the best for their families by ensuring they have sufficient produce to see them through, goods which may well be in short supply or even rationed in the event of a no deal Brexit. Ca not blame them. Brexiters do not grasp how difficult it might become.
Expect nothing less from someone who works for the Daily Liar , those pics are probably from the period when Piers Morgan was encouraging panic buying.
That’s exactly what you are trying to do. Luckily it’s only the remoaner brigade who will believe you!
Waitrose were fine.  Stop using stock shots, Kevin.
You're not helping. The supermarkets have enough. The press have done just as much damage during this pandemic as the completely anemic and shambolic response from our woefully under equipped representatives in Parliament.... across the board.
I do not remember any supermarket disclosure of profits this year. Not one
Went to our local tesco yesterday and there were NO issues. Media horseshit again.
My supermarket is fully stocked ready for the Christmas rush.  I was in there at six this morning, trying to avoid mad people. Why are you such a fool Kevin.  In fact why are the whole of leftie MSM such fools.  Trying to keep up with their Labour leader.... foolish
Fucking wise up. Morons panic buying again.
Good to see @Marthakearney on @BBCr4today taking @pritipatel to task over the numbers of lorries in Dover - now 1,500 in Stack (M20) and Manston airfield combined - rather more than 170 that  @BorisJohnson said yesterday, baffling haulage groups /1
I knew this would happen when the news started to talk about supermarket shelves having gaps. I mean FFS, can the supermarkets not agree to just shufty the stuff along on each side so the journos ca not see any gaps.
Fake news. Unfollowing you. Get a grip.
She wo not say whether lorry drivers will have to take a PCR test (long-winded, requires RNA extraction etc. 24-48hrs) rather than much faster (and less sensitive) lateral flow test. Short Strait will struggle to operates with PCR tests. You'd need one yesterday for tomorrow! /2
Perhaps the problem lies with Doris, Brexit and resupply lines.
You are creating fear, fanning the flames of panic. You want people to see your tweet and rush off to their supermarket to grab what they need before it all goes. A more irresponsible act is hard to imagine at this difficult time. You should be ashamed of yourself
Because of the delays that have empty lorries already stuck in the queues, in an earlier interview British Retail Consortium @the_brc Andrew Opie said fresh food shortages would occur within days because lorries could not get back to Spain etc to reload /3
Haulage experts like @RHADuncanB are always at pains to explain that the lorries at Dover (and GB-IE, for that matter) are flowing in a continuous cycle. More than 85% are from EU countries. So if you block one side, or artery the whole system starts to grind to a halt/4
I was in a tesco in Cumbernauld in the afternoon it was busy, but no queues, no shortages. Chatting to the checkout staff they said it was not too bad.I was on a planned visit, usually shopping for this time of the year.
sharing photos of panic buying is what leads to panic buying
Don’t want to alarm anyone but I will anyway. How is this helpful?
This episode has been a bit of a teaching moment, exposing the canard that the UK can unilaterally "take back control of its borders". It ca not. Borders are membranes. Traffic flows in both directions. Actions by one side impact the other - as French move has demonstrated. /5
Looks like they emptied it for cleaning. No plastic on the floors, left over bits of food fallen out, completely bare. Must be cleaning before the night fill. Stop scaremongering it’s not helping. Shops were full yesterday.
Says more about Sainsburys and the people that shop there, people like you.
And by posting the picture u will b alarming folk
I'm not alarmed.....no worries.
Do not worry. You're not.
So @pritipatel saying that we can use airfreight instead, does not really take much account of the relative volumes that come in by road across the Short Strait and by air, or the relative costs /7
Dominic Raab will tell you how important it is. He’s been Brexit secretary, so has inside information like that.
Wot no lettuce! Oh dear!
When Grant Shapps @grantshapps was playing with the numbers yesterday - simply not comparing like with like in terms of containers entering the UK, one haulier I know replied with a single word "Nonsense". /8
I think the government, when it tries to mask realities like this, really does think it is being clever, when really it risks taking everyone for fools - which arguably why the #COVID19 comms have been so utterly disastrous. /9
If you really did not want to alarm anybody you would not be tweeting this and adding fuel to what is actually an incredibly anxious time to so many. You are irresponsible at best. Callous at worst.
Maybe it's just a shit Sainsbury's, ca not find the quality staff these days.
Aldi is packed to the rafters with stock including turkeys
That's not panic buying. That's 2d of no deliveries and Christmas.
Giving you a little thrill. Frightening people. Think of poor OAPs.
Better to trust people with the facts, because once you start to distort them habitually - as we've seen with #Brexit - you get trapped in a fallacious narrative of your own making. That might work for a while, but ultimately it makes a soggy foundation for government. ENDS
Small queues so far here, but Tesco implementing a ‘one pack of bog rolls per person rule’
A cultured contribution to the debate.
Not much you dont, wheres the photo from, which site and which year ?
if you do not want to alarm people, do not post alarming tweets, simple really, yet more quality uk journalism
You love it Kevin, tell the truth
Of course you want to alarm people
Did you turn up just before closing? Ours seems to be fully stocked. (Worse that Farage on the coast with his binoculars. Pitiful. Irresponsible).
Just back from Tesco’s and shelves are very well stocked - are you deliberately trying to scare people? Aren’t we going through enough upset without people like you adding to it
yup use your platform to accelerate the panic, that will help
Add Reach PLC to this as well the parent company of some click bait local rags like our own @hulllive and his sh*t rag the @DailyMirror
Errrrrr nope...... more bullshit.....
Do not want to alarm anybody but I will just tweet something that will alarm everybody
And you’ve just added to the situation, what a bell end!
I don’t want to alarm anybody but Kevin Maguire is not a journalist.He’s an activist and a shit one at that.
"I do not want to alarm anybody" but secretly that's exactly what I'm hoping to do.Supermarket shelves are quite often empty at that time of night as they're restocked overnight. Something I'm sure you clearly know but hey anything for a few retweets.
..Really ? ...ffs ..
The supermarket has your back this time mate
It's Christmas knob head!!
Typical McGuire. I can’t imagine a bigger drain to have in your company than him.
Not a person in sight
Better use Aldi then mate, their shelves are full.
Don’t want to alarm but you’ll post it anyway .
There are other places to shop than supermarkets .My local shops and market dont have shortages
People who are elderly and disabled people that ca not get out you do not see them out panic buying so just think what your doing.
You can relax now then because you have not alarmed anybody, seems like everybody knows you too well to believe anything you say.
Went to Morrisons this morning and everything was full.
Sense it’ll be sad that’s in the south. Stocked to the gunnels “up north”
Families! So much for being asked to shop alone...
Hello, we write to you from a Spanish TV channel La Sexta News. We're interested in using your photo in the news, can we use it by citing the source?Thank you!
It’s because the stupid lefty media are stirring it up aided and abetted by a pro remain, pro Labour supermarket chain. My local Morrison’s is fully stocked.
Journalist claims he does not want to alarm anyone... his entire job is alarming people.  He WANTS panic buying, that's why he's stoking it.
I've still got 800 rolls in the garage from last time
What a sad, attention seeking, scaremongering tweet
I suspect 'alarm anybody' is precisely what you wanted to do, and your addition of the specific words 'panic buying' lends weight that suspicion.Had I genuinely not wanted 'to alarm anybody' I would not have posted the pic alongside that specific phrase.
You obviously do want to alarm people though. Hack journo
Dispicable
Old reused photo
No - panic buying started/was created purely by MSM! Like you!
How long before we see a resurrection of the Dig For Britain posters?  Especially entertaining if your only outside family space is a balcony or window sills.  And still they cry, No Deal? No Problem!
You must live in a very antisocial area Kevin.
Empty shelves do not mean that there is panic buying, where are all the pics you took of the overloaded trolleys such as was witnessed on the first lockdown? very irresponsible to plant this seed in peoples minds, do anything for a story eh?
So which #Sainsburys is this WHERE ??#DailyMirror
It’s probably Xmas madness
“Don’t want to alarm anybody” but here’s a photo to alarm you. So please now panic. I went to three supermarkets yesterday for various items and they were all fine. Others told me the same thing. This tweet is typical media. Creating hysteria.
Silly little man
Liar.
Is that actually YOUR photo because I saw it on Twitter yesterday morning doing the rounds by others trying to put fear into people.Very irresponsible.
Of course you wanted to alarm the gullible, you’re part of the reason panic buying starts.
That's bollocks and you know it , been in 2 supermarkets this morning already and the shelves are well stocked . Stop trying to scare people , media at it again , sad man
If you let people break the law in a crisis, they will create a crisis to break the law. #ToryCorruption
Just what you want a picture of empty shelves taken at about midnight. Even your readers won’t be taken in by this, stop scaremongering and be a bit more responsible.
You should be plank of the week for this tweet alone.
Irresponsible bellend
Do not want to alarm anyone but let's post a picture of said panic buying....melt.
if you truthfully 'did not want to alarm people' you would not share this on social media, as it would alarm people.You're doing exactly that because that's what you want. Panic, alarm, confusion, because that's what sells.And you lot wonder why #ScumMedia trends continuously?
Unless you can post pics showing the same across the country, all this demonstrates is that the people in your area are particularly selfish
'Dont want to alarm anybody'Well you did didnt you, you wanted to alarm people and get likes.
I do not want to alarm anyone, so I will show them a picture of an empty shelf, to trigger a panic buying reaction in anyone who sees the photo.  #ScumMedia
But you just did.Not a particularly bright response Kevin.
I was in sainsbury's yesterday.  All fine. If you do not want to encourage panic buying,  do not be an eejit posting pictures like that
Couldn’t be arsed  to check.
Yeah - it’s essential we have Egyptian green beans, Peruvian asparagus, Moroccan mange tout at Christmas!? All the traditional Christmas root veg are grown in UK - get a grip man.
I went into M&S last night busy, busy shop. Most fish, prawn and chicken covered in butchers aprons and dated 24.12.20. Then to Aldi, all dated 27th onwards, all fish and meat £118 shop and not 1 butchers apron in the trolley
Aye Kevin .. why no customers in the picture ?? @twitter ban this picture immediately .
So don’t tweet it if you don’t want to alarm!
Or maybe the shelves are waiting to be restocked, why scare the 6 Mirror readers like that ?!!
Quiet and full of food
Nobhead
That's how I like my Christmas!
I do not think this is your photo tho
Also what a knowledgeable  intelligent man he is
Nick Dixon was in Forest Row, Sussex on #GMB this morning.
Thanks to members of your profession
With the news media frequently telling us to start panic buying (in their usual way by saying 'do not panic buy') it  has eventually caused apathy amongst people to just ignore them and get on with their lives. I've seen no panic buying at all.
"Do not want to alarm anyone but I will do so anyway". Supermarkets are fine where I live in the suburbs Kevin - why are you trying to encourage panic buying?
Yes the same supermarket that kept banging on about tariffs,shortages & price rises should we have no deal. These comments just guarantee panic buying and that leads to greater supermarket profits but I’m sure that’s just coincidental
@Tesco Wigan fully stocked, come up North lad. Oh sorry you can’t anymore
You do not want to but here is a tweet. Lol
Well it’s the panic buying that causes the shortages, people can be really dumb and selfish.
Or “supermarket is crap at putting stuff on shelves”, but that doesn’t get so many clicks, does it?
Might make people realise how much we rely on Europe for trade?
Don’t want to alarm anyone, so I will take a photo and put it on Twitter.
You obviously do want to alarm people though Kevin
Panic buying fresh produce? Not gonna last is it? I bet the tinned isle is fully stocked.
Of course why would a pic of empty shops panic anyone
“Don’t want to alarm anybody”Odd, I’ve just had a full delivery, my assumption is that you live near a bunch of panicky Remainers, the sort of people that stock up on quinoa.
Been at Sainsbury’s And marks and Spencer’s picking up Turkey and buying other stuff - shelves very welll stocked ... but don’t want to panic anyone !!!
This would be what it would be like under a socialist Labour government
"Do not want to alarm"Posts photo of empty shelves to thousands.
No issues where we live.
Hark at you being all middle class and shopping in Sainsbury's....
He does not want to alarm anyone so he posts pictures of empty shelves to prove he does not want to alarm anyone.
Use Farm shops and Markets and independent family owned business' leave the manipulative supermakets to collapse
Who in their right mind would shop at Sainsbury's anyway?
Sainsburys?
Where’s Piers ‘captain fearporn’ Morgan in all of this?? He’s normally the first to get the ball rolling
Idiot
Try being a journalist and do some research on how supermarkets store meat, fruit and veg before putting it on their shelves. 'Fresh' food may well have been in the freezer for months.
do not want to alarm anybody'? Really? Is not this how it starts?
A newspaper man trying to cause panic for a story, likes and retweets. Sad sad man.
Here's some perspective. My good lady went to Tesco superstore early this morning. Shelves fully stocked. Only a few customers in.  No panic buying. You chose your moment to try and make a point. The reality is very different. You never disappoint in being a total spanner
Lies
Do you not think this would just *exacerbate* the hysteria?The supermarkets here are well stocked and the warehouses have plenty in.
Cause by people just like you
This was sent at half 8 at night. You know they restock over night right? Or was this just a deliberate attempt to create anxiety and alarm?
No problems in #Tesco in North Derbyshire everyone seems to behaving themselves, for now: may change when the MSM introduce #ProjectFear
.it's not panic buying, it's that a lot if our vegetables come from Europe.
There's still some green, leafy things left!!
No one would have touched the lettuce if a potential shortage was not announced.
“Don’t want to alarm anybody”.....but I will anyway         Personally, I’ve been to M&S and Tesco today and no queues, full shelves so bore off.
If someone has a better phone than mine (not hard) can they see the prices of the oos products.This will tell you when date this was taken, prices change all the time.
Scaremongering , for the sake of it.
Hiya mate, as a former waitrose employee who worked 7 Christmases in their stores, this is a common sight around this time of year
a socialists wet dream.
Whatever happened to the much vaunted Common Sense of the British People ?
Does not want to alarm anybody put posts a pic of empty shelves anyway
Go somewhere else then.
super markets needs to control that shit
Funny our local supermarkets are fine, am guessing your either in London or this is an old footage designed to stir people up and actually generate further panic buying.
This tweet is doing exactly what you say you do not want to do. And it contributes to the problem. It's more likely that the delivery's did not come but now people are going to go out and panic buy.
Oh that's exactly what you do intend.
That isn’t unusual for that time of night.
Happens every year... was this your first time food shopping at Xmas??
Where was this?
Maybe you should go at a decent time in the day Kevin between your £100 an hour media gigs (we are all in THIS together) No shortages today.Plenty of the avacado and humus you like.They stock up overnight by the way.
I see we're all pulling together again Maguire #covidcrisistoogoodtowaste
Don’t want alarm anyone......
Has not stopped panic buying where I live. Waitrose queue this morning making a complete chain all around the car park
To be fair I've been into a local branch of Morrisons pre pandemic & Brexit & the shelves looked similar. This close to Christmas the supermarkets will be keener to have clear shelves than stock that will be binned, especially with some giving staff a deserved Boxing Day break
Bull
Queued for over an hour for @waitrose Holloway and most of the Christmas things on our list were unavailable. Useless.
That's a photo taken the last time Labour were in power ...
It’s a northern thing
Oh bore off, went shopping 0630 in Asda this morning , fully stocked .
Embassy gardens - Vauxhall
Because the bloke is a Prick
Only an attention seeking arsehole would post this pic from another source, imply that they had taken it themselves and in doing so claim to wish not to cause alarm.  Oh wait...........
Calms people down?This government?
If you didn’t want to alarm anybody, you wouldn’t have tweeted it. Ridiculous
There are some greedy gits in there, taking two or tree slices
Some of them are more proactive and get more than one !
Criminal I’d say. Get the lettuce!
Dead parrot Maguire whipping up a frenzy to peddle his dead parrot politics. Should be arrested for inciting a riot. There are NO food shortages.
Oi Jimbo don’t you start we have enough bed wetters in the UK panic buying  Merry Christmas to Englishman in NY x
Was in my local coop this morning and plenty of everything! In fact they have the packets of dried yeast reduced to 50p, I remember in March you couldn’t buy it, changed days or priorities!
If that were Sainsburys there would be green veg boxes on the shelves, even if they had been picked cleanThose shelves look like they have been cleaned downAs a journo, would you be spreading fake news ?
Wxxcker
Don’t  want to alarm anyone but actually I do.
Don’t panic people
. Is that what you call a 'public service announcement'?
So  true...
Merry Christmas!
I have a feeling that is exactly what you want to do; create panic, chaos descends, loss of law and order, the government sends in the army, the media send in the reporters. Blame Boris, Blame Brexit, Christmas is cancelled.
Haha, beat me to it Pete! Just got back, spent ages deciding which lettuce to buy from the vast choice on offer
That’s how it is over here!
Not where sensible people live
But by posting this, you surely must know you're going to alarm people?? Which will then cause unnecessary panic buying. Come on Kevin, be a responsible journalist......
It’s not all that unusual for shelves to get run down in the few days before Christmas. Items people want for the festivities fly off the shelves, always have done.
Not in mine @sainsburys I think you are highly irresponsible
If you don’t want to alarm anyone why tweet it. Been shopping this morning and shelves were stocked, was a standard level of stock for three days before Christmas.
I think you do
nice try but no
They also segregate people depending on their colour.
Sainsburys running stock down deliberately for self serving photo op
full of it, veg?  no problems in Liverpool anyway.
That is more likely to be a supply issue than a demand issue.But don’t let that stop you from alarming people and causing panic buying
This not true folks there’s plenty of food for all.
Surely you don’t shop in Sainsbury’s!Thought you would be a Co Op customer or is it you offering support to a fellow Remoaner?
Brain dead panic buyers
I doubt that.
The old socialist trick for everyone to start panic buying
Kevin's socialist wet dream
Bollocks
Don’t worry tho Kev, there’s still plenty tissues to dry your eyes
Utter mince.
Be lots more tomorrow or later today ,stop scaremongering
Not like that in any other supermarket
Sainsbury's Calais?
More importantly, I ca not import new vinyl :O
Hang in there man it will come good (i hope)
Rubbish. Stop frightening people.
Not according to Priti Patel on GMB this morning, shelves are full  just like theres hardly any lorries queueing on motorway ..more gov lies
You need a recipe for Green Plastic Crate cake. Tasty.
What a surprise. Not!
Bolox and you know it. Red Top Rag journalist
Too busy race baiting?
Surely that picture bollocks.
Who shops at Sainsbury's
They clean their shelves regularly because of Covid-19.... but let's blame #Brexit because I'm too stupid to ask.
When was that photo taken? My local supermarkets are well stocked with fruit and veg.
Did you really need all that?
Well it’s true which is more than your rag is.
So what are you doing there, browsing?
You need to change store. Been to Asda and M&S this morning and absolutely nothing out of stock.
Complete Lies - but then what do you expect with a leftie..
Been to Waitrose Greenwich just now - zero fresh meat, fruit or vegetables. No eggs, little baking supplies...and no baking parchment or hollandaise sauce! :(
That suggests a different problem, because there should still be meat.
Good shout :)
Stingy, can they not even decorate for Christmas?
There’s a Christmas sign of you zoom in
The brilliance of a Brexiteer singing the praises of 2 German companies over a proudly and quintessentially British one.
Patel only talked about the sea routes, had she added in the Channel Tunnel that would have doubled the problem. A deliberate omission!
Ca not remember which one of the large supermarket chains has said that there will be only letting X amount of goods per person as they want to keep us from panic buying and keeping as many products on the shelves as possible  might have been "Sainsbury's " but  not sure which
Asda M'well seem to have plenty on the shelves when I was in earlier today.
Went to grab some Kimchi Paste for the sushi , no Xmas madness at all , was in and out in 5 minutes with my precious cargo !
Regarding the “Stimulus Bill” that thing contains so much pork it is just plain blasphemy , unfortunately this is not the kind that looks appetizing even with several sticks of lipstick.
Fucking twats
You’re making this up.
Bullsh!t
Pretty sure we are not. The recipe is ingrained in all Brits since childhood. .. is not it?!
Stop printing bollox. The truth is not as bad as you are making it out to be. You are not reporting the problem you are MAKING IT!!!
I thought so too - most of us can make them in our sleep.
Google recipe for Yorkshire... will see no need to panic buy or steal
What purpose does this lie serve; other than to engender panic buying and making your lie true?
SAD LITTLE.PEOPLE PLENTY GO ROUND SAW ALL THE T#SSERS QUEING OUTSIDE SAINSBURY LYMM TODAY GET A F#KKIN LIFE HOARDING FOOD THESE BE SAME TOSSERS ON FURLOUGH AS THERE OFFICE TO DANGEROUS FOR THEM
#fakenews
One of the things that this #pandemic has REALLY brought to light is the Poor #journalism this country is subjected to!
Why do the media always use pictures of Costco shoppers instead of regular supermarket shoppers
Let's all thank ANOTHER shite reporter for advertising lies to  make other morons panic buy, thankyou @JosephDWilkes for spreading shit to advance your position in the scum media.
More lies from this vile rag
Daily Mirror egits
Totally ridiculous
I don’t think that figure is correct Peter. We import 32,000 ‘containers’ per day. Only 6,000 of those are RoRo and only 4,000 of those come through Dover
Can they not just make http://them.It isn’t hard
Kevin I went shopping just yesterday, the aisles were overflowing. I think you need to be very careful with this scaremongering, it’s wrong!!
I have some nice fresh parsnips goign at £100 a bag of 4! I cna chuck in some home grown parsley if you like!
Where are you shopping ??
Kevin ‘photographer of the year’ Maguire.
Silly people not the supply chain!
Liar !!
Wife just back from shopping got everything she went for .. no shortages pass it on
It’s more to do with panic buying than supply problems.
This sort of thing does not help either.
OK.  That must mean its not true?
Maybe the Tesco buying teams have just screwed up and under ordered?!
What a shit rag!
Asda has had it for ages.
Ha ha. Ok Boomer
To honest 8 hrs notice is more than can realistically be expected !!! Or maybe not
Maybe they are doing it because of a buying surge caused by you tweeting a couple of empty shelves Kevin? Repeat after me:“Panic buying is caused by scaremongering”.There, does that help your understanding?Good, you’re welcome.#tikasaplank
i think they see you coming in the shop and hide all the good stuff
Kevin. Your'e losing touch with yourhttp://roots.Here in God's country we have everything we need........
Dull as dishwater Kevin is!!
Relax, stop worrying about it. If they were not rationing you would complain about that as well and find some way to blame Boris because your favourite brand of cornflakes was not on the shelf.
Should try Lidl, there's loads of stuff there.
Maguire on the menopause - you'll have to forgive him . A very bitter man , well you would be writing for the Daily Mirror for 50 years , not exactly the Spectator is it :-) ?
Went to Asda tonight shelves were http://full.so bore off Kev.
No shortage on our Tescos, Waitrose or M&S today. None all week. Slight over egging for a story?
Just been to Asda in wakefield. It's fine.Knock it off.
Some items have been rationed for online shopping since the start of the last lockdown. It has nothing to do with the situation in Kent now.
Any thoughts on Labour led Wales now officially having more Covid cases per population in the entire WORLD Kev?
Absolute asshole!!
Just got back from TESCO no rationing and bought everything I needed including lettuce! Just stop it please.
Most of Britain's vegetables come from Lincolnshire...
Chatting shit AGAIN Kev.
Same supermarket today. I’m not calling you a liar, but
And they still keep giving him air time...
No shortages of anything at either Tesco (5pm) or Morrisons (7pm) tonight where I live Kevin. Sorry to disappoint you.
I’ve been to 3 supermarkets in the last 2 days, and none of them had empty shelves
The supermarkets are chokka!
Just in from Asda, Aldi, H&B and B&M shelves overflowing with goods
Not at my Tesco they're not. The only reason shelves will become empty will be when the more moronic start panic buying like it's the end of the world. Of course there'll be shortages if every customer decides to buy 400 toilet rolls at a time.
Why would supermarkets want people to panic buy..  Oh yea profit
Keir Starmer says "You can get a sense of what a Labour future could be by looking to Wales..@UKLabour controlled Wales now has the most new cases per capita of any country on earth. Shocking, via @FT
Got any photo’s Kev?
Give it a rest will you !! My Sainsbury’s in East London has no stock issues and isn’t limiting items. Your quite something.
Shops by me all full no problem here
I don’t know where you live, but the shops in London under tier 4 that are selling food, have shelves fully stacked where I am, they were even topping up preparing for more shoppers, no problem.
Kevin you are promoting again the shape of the gutter press you work for
Sainsbury’s boss is a remainer, the the media that are the problem
Scaremongering #PoliticalPointScoring
old habit die hard  Kevin?
Wanker
They're not rationing.Some items... not many... are limited to people only buying a few of... but it's to stop people being greedy!!
Sorry to disappoint, no shortages where I live up North, opposite actually, they were overflowing with everything!
One of the reasons why @tesco is rationing items, as well as other supermarkets, is due to selfish pricks, who stripped shelves bare again, just as they did in the original lockdown, all because it was reported lettuces, bags of salad, citrus fruits may have a supply problem.
No empty shelves in our local sainsburys or restrictions on quantity.
Morrisons today Kev
Vote in haste repent at leisure
Just shush
Just got back from a big Christmas shop at the Tesco Extra at Handforth Dean just outside Manchester. It was very busy but there were no shortages of anything. Very calm. In fact lIttle different to usual.
Do not be silly Kevin!!
Idiots
Plentiful supply in my local Tesco just now. Got everything on my list.
Disingenuous as usual. It’s not Brexit, it’s the weapons who are panic buying.
It is not because there is not stock available but because they ca not restock the shelves fast enough if people panic buy.Read what the companies are saying themselves
Went to Waitrose today, no rationing and no shortages of anything
What waitrose? Were soon change that
Shelves all fully stocked and no rationing at my local coop Asda or Tesco.
eat shit
Been asda today Squire, every shelf full..  even paracetemol for your continued migraine
Must have *only just* re-stocked them.....what a guy!
Everyone knows the restriction of supplies is as a result of France closing the ports, not as a result of a no deal Brexit. So  it's true any, lack of products on shop shelves is down to government  - but not ours.Covid and Brexit are seperate issues - links are man made lies.
Shelves were full in Liverpool
You're obviously shopping in the wrong supermarket.
Tesco are remainers..... they also sell carrots grown in Spain and mark them as British - they do not think much of their customers. Look at their profits for this year Kevin.
cannot find Cashew nuts anywhere!!!!
Been in Sainsbury’s, Tesco and M and S plenty of stock. Fake news. Lorries being banked up wouldn’t have impacted yet.
I’ve been shopping twice this week and there super markets have been very quiet and extremely well stocked. Not an item missed for me on my Christmas food haul
I went to my local Sainsbury’s today & my neighbour went to the local Tesco. No problems where we are.
No problems in Sainsburys at all.
Kevin maybe Tesco are looking ahead towards a possible national lockdown and do not want empty shelves if that happens. In all honesty maybe they should all ration if you call 3 times each item rationing. All MSM have been scaremongering since day one and it’s getting boring!
No, no, no.
Explain the current supply problems then.....
Panic buying,
No issues in M&S Plymouth today. Lots of shoppers.  Plenty for everyone.
No rationing at Tesco's in Blackpool today when I went in.
They're rationing to stop stupid panic buying
I went to my local Tesco’s this morning, full shelves! Loads of veg, went to my local farm shop too , fully stocked
Kevin.  If it's not beneath you, try @AldiUK or @LidlGB.  Plenty of produce etc if you can break away from your London elite 'corner shop'..... #prick #brexit
Do not know what tesco you shop at
Stopping panic buying is something ALL supermarkets should be enforcing and not just when a pandemic is on our door steps!
muppet
No shortages today Kev, perhaps use the old bare shelf pic you like to show off ?
Don’t know what you mean. Every store I’ve been to has been fully stocked. Perhaps you’re just bullshitting.
The great reset is taking place in everywhere but China.  They are busy preparing for #NWO they no longer have pandemic, no new strains of the virus, no more lockdown etc.
Lidl are full
It’s more to do with panic and selfish buying than lack of supply, at the moment.
Went to local Morrison’s tonight, all shelves stocked up, no shortages,
No not British just fucking morons that deserve to be called nothing more than fucking idiots who are part of the problem
Where do you get off on this....! Why oh why do you stir the S... Is it to give you a Piers something to moan about.
Are you Lord Haw-Haw reincarnated?
I know Morrisons have restrictions. I was in my local branch yesterday and there was plenty on shelves.
Had not you noticed it's lorries that are LEAVING the UK that are held up?They've most probably delivered their stuff and are going back empty. Durrrh.
Is a Chritmas pud worth a punch on  the nose .
Tesco rationed back in April after it became apparent the British publc were indeed a bit stupid
Macron's just trying to frustrate our exporters. Most of the lorries are returning empty after delivering Xmas stock.
Desperately trying to remain relevant
He’ll probably tell you that was from 2019
Not tricky at all.Tesco rationing is to prevent panic buying.Note: I haven’t read or seen any ‘Johnson apologist’ deny panic buying.Far from it.It is real and caused by irresponsible numpties who want to create chaos and then blame others.Nasty people. Best ignored.
Posts exactly like this is the reason Tesco are having to put restrictions in place.
People do tend to buy too much at this time of year - and if these stores are running out of items just a day after 20% of our imports are held up - they shouldn’t be in business
Tesco and Iceland both fully shelved at 4 today
It'll be the same panic buyers who have probably only just run out of toilet roll from March.
3 packs of 18 toilet rolls is hardly rationing
Well I have been in Tesco tonight and absolutely nothing is being rationed.
Stimulus Bill...
Not happening at M&S. Staying open to midnight again tomorrow.
public blaming public , meanwhile tories take no blame
The war for bog roll is on . People are quite literally shitting themselves
Bulshit
The reason for rationing is as simple as it was last March, because MSM wind the public up and those irrational individuals - who are in the minority I might add - rush off to do the bog roll run etc.Your fault Kevin, your fault!
The current situation is extremely dangerous and we know Johnson is a laughing stock. In every organisation everything starts at the top. But who else would be stupid enough to take on the job? Make Johnson stay until Brexit loons see what’s going  to happen to a ‘no deal’ UK.
Maguire stupidity in full flow.
I agree with you , and glad you’ve not posted empty shelves this time to encourage the panic buying ..
Boris Johnson here very likely to have been quoting supermarket chiefs out of context Today is traditionally one of the busiest food shopping days of the year. Any disruption to supply likely to have consequences
Fucking idiot and the stores that let them buy this much
Keep trying
2 days before Christmas Eve, Plenty of turkeys, plenty of veg including broccoliThe problem in Kent started before the announcement of France to close bordersHuge queues form at Eurotunnel for second time this week after Brexit ...27 Nov 2020 - More information
Drivers do not even need to interact with anyoneand if so minimal and controlled
This is disgraceful typical press making things worse than what they really are. You keep spreading you Christmas cheer and scaremongering.
Or fake pictures from an alleged journalist don’t help - getting some tips from his mate @PiersMorganLive
Shields wanker...
I take it he has a new job at the BBC and keen
South Wales fully stocked.
They rationed in the first lockdown too. Again, there were no supply problems. Just down to people panic buying because two bob media types like to scaremonger.
You’re the virus. No issues with availability in our local Tesco.
All caused by idiots panic buying
As a driver in many parts of London, I have not witnessed any panic buying, yes the supermarkets are busier than usual, but it is Christmas and a lot of people have been caught out, as they was probably visiting relatives and freinds and probably had not food in for Christmas
Some supermarkets when you shop online . Have been rationing items for weeks
What people seem to forget is there are 4000 lorries at Dover..leaving the country..they have delivered their goods and are going back empty !!
There is no supply problem if people do not panic buy, simple
As normal
Sorry to spoil your fun with the inconvenient truth but there’s no shortage of food in any of the supermarkets in my area. All fully stocked & no sign of anyone stockpiling.
Maguire aint it, peddler of misinformation, its just what he does.
I got a full shop @Morrisons last night no problem
This may have more to do with more people cooking now over Christmas due to The restriction changes
That is Tesco just scaremongering to make us spend more!!
I think the only problem some shops are having is an oversupply of Kevin Maguire BS.
Not my tesco. Fake news mr miserable
Kevin if your not part of the solution you’re part of the fear mongering problem. Stop it.  People getting very edgy at the moment. Gentle reminder. Report the news, stop trying to make it.
Utter bollocks
Same at Sainsbury’s yesterday.
Tosser and I don’t mean of lettuce
Just back from Tesco, all shelves very well stocked, got everything we needed, including fresh fruit n veg. You owe a lot of people an apology!
What Kevin (the Knob) is trying to do is encourage panic buying, this will cause the shortages as the just in time supply chain has to adjust when idiots like him start the panic. Luckily the major stores are well stocked for the Christmas break so there is no need to panic.
But there isn’t any supply problems. No one I know has noticed any problems nor any one on a quick twitter poll. Just project fear. Again.
What shops do you use? I was in Aldi and Tesco this morning and the shelves were full to overflowing with everything.
Talking shite again Kevin.The shelves were rammed with stuff again this morning at M & S , and Tesco , no panic buying , plenty to go around , Stop it Now
I was in Sainsbury’s this morning and food was plentiful. Tesco is the same.  They always run out of stuff at Christmas because people buy it. Sainsbury’s are just making it political as they are donors to the Labour Party and, as for Tesco, who sells Brit carrots grown in Spain
Asda, lidl, Aldi and Morrison’s are fine too. Tesco buys a lot of food from abroad and has a strategic alliance with carrefor
We we run out of food
Well thats a kick in the spuds
The more of a situation you make out of this the more idiots go and panic buy
Just the stuff that prevents scurvy.
Little bit of desperation news to help the panic buyers
This is the next thing to come now food shortages.
Brexit means Brexit.
Get the dinghies out......
Lettuces?  I only buy British !
Which Tory donor is going to be getting the contract for printing the Ration Books?
Got my cupboards full, door locked, family safe and sound, the government can do what the fuck they like now
Like I said before Christmas dinner is based on seasonal food from this country, no shortage it’s here.
Remainers be like: "aaarrrggghhh!"Brexiteers be like: "aaarrrggghhh!"
Got any nylons....?
A lot of people do not like bad news, do they. This is the progression from Project Fear.
Not if you buy UK produce
Sky knows how to ratchet up the fear and doom
This is going to get worse before it gets better unfortunately
Obviously already started re-routing our own fresh goods to our own shops ?? #BuyBritish
Lettuce.. I'm absolutely devistated !.. I may waste away and die
Good old Sky -Project Fear and you’re happy. .....!
Pretty sure fresh food is grown in uk @britishfarmers @scottishfarmer
Do not use the supermarkets for fresh produce, its rubbish. Use local greengrocers etc, better quality and its British!!
It's project reality. Always has been.
Good old Sky - always project fear and panicking people. It’s just some lettuce and strawberries.
Plenty of sprouts and turnips. Not so much of the food we've been used to for the last 3 decades.
Brilliant journalism .......incoming crazed shoppers
Great reason to buy British
I feel this is just TIP of the ICEBERG!!!!!!!!!
Basic veg etc should be grown and used in this country, then we would not rely on foreign food. Think we can live without strawberrys, grapes etc for a while.
Like lettuce
It’s outbound traffic to the continent .
Oh sod off
At this point Sky are hoping for panic buying aren’t they? Sometimes people shouldn’t be told things for their own good.
You’re a Gem of a girl.
Am I missing something here? Trucks are able to come in to the country. So why should lorries NOT being allowed to leave cause a problem with imported goods?
Don’t buy out of season foreign food then!! BUY BRITISH
Diddums
Those lorries usually come back with produce for the UK. 1) they’re delayed 2) Do you think hauliers will be rushing to come back here? 3) Those that do will charge more. 4) Shortages, delays and increased costs.
Propaganda. That’s all you are good for. A little bit of inconvenience will be worth it in the end. Buy British and help sink the dictatorship EU
why does Sky take such delight in stoking up panic buying? there's plenty of food available and the border is reopening so the items that we import will be topped up and, if they are not, there are UK grown (or frozen) alternatives
Tooooooooo sensible, stop it!
Which  supermarket was that then? Not mine for sure
Nonsense there's other UK ports which are still running with minimal disruption, think the media seem to think Dover - Calais is our only route.
It's a continuous flow - a 24/7 merry go round for just in time re-stocking.
Should be eating seasonly, bringing lettuce, strawberry’s etc. hundreds and even thousands of miles so we can eat them at Christmas is madness and totally unsustainable.
So Dover is the only port now is it .
Agreed. We have clearly seen over the course of this pandemic, that in the face of slight inconvenience, the great British people (or a percentage of them,) will very much employ a tactic of 'Every man for himself,) and throw his fellow man to the wolves.
Oh look... sky news scare mungering again well I never
So the British Retail Consortium is telling consumers to Buy Buy Buy.!Unbiased advice then.
I can’t help but think most of these foodstuffs can be grow in the Uk so why the heck are we importing them from Europe?
"We have got gunboats!"."Nous saisissons vos couilles!"
Lots of brexit supporters being triggered by this tweet it seems. Days away from achieving their wet dream and they still do not understand how much damage they have done to the UK. Traitors the lot.BBC News - How dependent is the UK on the EU for food?
Should be ok, apparently plenty of cabbages @SkyNewsBreak
Absolutely horrified how I will manage to enjoy my Christmas without lettuce!
You love it dont you
MSM are really trying to woop this up now, oh god what will we ever do without lettuce and our citrus fruits. Christmas is ruined, kids are crying now. Have some decency for a change @SkyNews and give it a rest.
Buy British!!!!!
that ranks right up there with stories like "as long as you are stuck in traffic you will be delayed getting home"
Don’t worry it’s only rabbit food
Ah. Where’s the nearest pineapple farm? Oh and also, we don’t produce enough to feed everyone in Britain now, there’s too many living here.
The lorries are headed for France? Wo not it be them suffering food shortages?
How come we never see the lines of lorries at Calais wanting to come here or interview the European drivers trapped abroad by the ban.
Emptied?  It's Christmas, one of the busiest times of the year but it's all Brexit, right? Where I live I have visited four major supermarkets & the shelves were stuffed. Btw - we grow lettuce, broccoli and cauliflowers in Britain - we do not need the EU to provide us with veg.
Because our seasons are 10x worse than theirs and hence we have the opportunity to source a shit load more in comparison? If we relied on UK only, it would be a lot more expensive for us.
and it's nowt to do with Brexit.Current issues are Macron and Covid related.But as with all issues like this, the logistic companies will sort this out.You think they ca not afford to ferry to Belgium or Holland?Macron might hit the French ports as well as the fishermen.
Who gives a flying fuck, the lorries are stook our side. We wo not starve.
Full shelves when we went shopping this morning, stop spreading #fakenews
Thank you #ScumMedia
More PoundShop Journalism from Pinocchio Maguire #ScumMedia
Stop making such inflammatory comments that only adds to the panic buying.
Why the hell do not you direct your rethoric at those people raiding the shelves. It is us, the public, causing shortages. Delay is from distribution centres to shops. Panic buying at anytime will empty shelves. Ca not blame Govt for everything.
That’s what we get from most of them in the media Steph. They all need to be held accountable for the nonsense they tell. Most of the fear is created by what’s on TV, on social media and in papers. It’s very poor
Idiot....Which supermarkets?I must have missed them
Let the panic buying commence...
I was sent this picture of @Sainsbury's lettuce warehouse in Kent.  The whole supply chain has been broken by #Brexit. We MUST #StopBrexit now! Take to the streets!
We still deliver loads of produce for tescos, no probs!! How come u say otherwise, puzzled
Has he admitted the pic he claimed to be his local Sainsbury’s yesterday was a actually taken in March? #ScumMedia
Many folk said that was a pic from 1st lockdown.... disgusting disinformation if true
Think you’re forgetting that we don’t have the infrastructure to grow what’s needed for the basics, and that veg takes time to grow. Also people in the U.K. will not accept the basics as an option.
Sainsburys may be bying from abroad, Cheap Labour, but UK Produce there is plenty to go round, the rest is rubbish & biased propaganda!! Yesterday i got Shopping galore, don’t know where to put everything& most of foodstuff on shelves were falling down when u touched them2much
Too much ; loads of that foodstuff was also running out of date, today, so all that food will be wasted or thrown away today, they were dated 23rd today!!
I'd prefer a "Brexit-Free" trade deal, like the one we had in the EU, rather than the brexit "free trade deal" we'll probably end up with (if we're very lucky). #GTTO #EndBrexitNow
I believe his 'photo' of empty shelves turned out to be a lie as well. Someone posted a very full looking picture form the same place about an hour later. So dishonest!
Local Co-op stocked fully yesterday (north Birmingham). Also Tesco, Asda, Aldi. Get lost Kevin Maguire - put yer wooden spoon back in its box (and get in with it!)
Kevin remember your photo about empty shelves at Sainsbury's well here is the same photo the following morning you must have taken your photo very late in the evening when they were about to replenish stock.Usual Maguire nonsense
You have to be idiot of the year!!!You are trying to deliberately create panic buying!I have just returned from shopping this morning, my local Tesco superstore is very well stocked and very busy.
So what. Can’t the British bulldog spirit cope with lack of a few sprouts for a day or do? What the hell has happened to our once wonderful country?
Makes you wonder why they can’t take some of these lateral flow tests they are going to be using in schools that supposedly provide rapid results to test the truck drivers going into France.If it’s good enough for our children...Why does everything have to be so difficult?
It’s all good Iceland have frozen steak bakes n’ sausage & bean meltttssssssssss
Shelves full were I live and looking at Twitter lots of other places as well . Do you seriously believe supermarkets only hold 2 days stock
Just vaccinate the truck drivers and in just over a month they can move freely with periodic testing
Totally irresponsible of @SkyNewsBreak to be doing this.
To all the lorry drivers stuck at border. Thank you for your work and patience. Please remember the UK did not close the border so please do not take out your frustrations on our police.
Plenty of nuts in Westminster
But do not panic it's all been planed for (checks notes) Brexit
They are now, but the controversy is that they could be missing a large number of positive cases because they are not sensitive enough
Shopped at both Aldi and Tesco this morning and absolutely no issues whatsoever! I’m so disappointed for you as you must be gutted it’s not as you would like it to be!
I deliver to supermarkets daily. Not one I've been to has run out of anything. Get back in your box.
Load of crap. Plenty of stock in supermarkets. People not bothering with panic buying anymore as they don’t believe a word they hear on the news and rightly so
Pathetic.
You need to change supermarkets.
Fake news.
Good. Less to waste.
No they did not.... Supermarkets were fine....
No shelves ‘Emptied’ at all. Off you pop back to Specsavers.
I think it was the Tesco boss who started this nonsense last week and if theres a bandwagon to jump on Maguires one of the first on board !!
I’ll file that under No Shit Sherlock
This irresponsible reporting is what drives panic buying.
THERE IS NO PANIC BUYING!!! MSM bull sh*t as per usual!
No problems in the North West either. What’s your agenda?
This lorry jam is just the tip of the iceberg. On the 1st Jan a whole new Customs regime will be implemented around Britain. These queues will be permanent, although many Hauliers have said they will refuse to do the U.K. run
I’m a remainer and my supermarket shelves have not been emptied. Yet.
No.. They really did not you plum.
But I’m sure you’ve stocked up on Tena so you’ll be fine.
Currently 10K lorries pass through Dover a day, roll on roll off, taking 8.5secs each. After 1st Jan there will be Customs regardless of whether there’s a Deal or not, adding minutes to each and every lorry. Govts own figs say that’ll cut flow down to 14% of normal for a year
I am sure there are countries around the world that will want to supply a 70 million population. It’s called business
That’s not true
You need to move Kev. Been in Morrison Tescos and Sainsburys in the last 2 days. All fully stocked
Sorry to disappoint you, but lots of everything here.
No, I think it was because people found they had plan to eat with relatives and had to buy as they were now staying at home. But do crack on and make a Brexit point as usual. Pathetic.
It reminds me stories of shopping in communism.
The four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.  Pestilence, famine, war, death.
No shortages in Lewisham supermarkets.
Did you vote remain ,  our supermarket shelves were very well stocked !
Because a-holes keep trying to scare people into panic buying - especially those that are anti-tory...No rationing on anything, including toilet rolls or fresh produce, when I went shopping...
STEVIE gutted the EU shot itself up the ....
Liar
This statement borders on hysterical overstatement. Although shortages are almost inevitable in the immediate aftermath of "no deal", the system with adapt and cope, albeit at a price.The irony is that if HMG & the EU had been smarter, there was no need for it to be like that.
Sorry?
I can categorically state that Tescos are not suffering shortages or limiting products thats a fact Kevin magliar
The lorries coming in weren’t stopped!
Muppet alert
Move to your beloved Europe
No they didn’t
Kevin, stop the scare mongering . I went to Tesco today and stocks all piled up high. In fact was told this year not been as busy as previous years .
What?
They closed the borders due to health reasons. They will still want to sell us stuff and us them. It’s not a taste of the future. Stop scaremongering and actually accept Brexit has ALREADY happened.
Really.. the EU are going to ban Spanish farmers and French farmers from selling the UK their produce, as of 1st January?
Just got back from the shops plenty of stock nothing run out!Same old same old
I’ve been in four supermarkets this week and the shelves were overflowing, don’t talk bollocks.
Was at M&S and Waitrose this morning. Every shelf stuffed to the rafters.As was ASDA yesterday.Some people look for things to moan about.Shitting myself though if the lettuce runs out. Doh
lol you been taking the guardian too literally. all our local london supermarkets have normal stock levels for the times of year. you lost, so mop it up
Shelves were not empty ? Tut tut tut
No they did not. What planet you on?
And you do not think they would normally go to their base, reload, and return Durrrrh indeed
Utter rubbish
Supermarkets are fine ... the only thing that’s empty is your rhetoric
I'm surprised that so many people reply to what is clearly a parody account
No they did not....
I went supermarket it was stacked.
The choice to close the border was the French(Macron)the only people that were harmed,are those in the E,U & haulers stranded on the UK side(mostly E.U.citizens)as for empty food shelves here,I suggest you get out more! there is no shortages of food here! roll on the 31/12/20 !!
Bollocks.....what like a paw paw fruit or kumquat!!!! Who cares go to British farmers for seasonal local produce
Sorry but our supermarkets are full to the brim
Doh !!!
Its tossers like you that make me sleep soundly at night. Thank you.
What's the betting that Stevie is devout pro-lockdowner? Probably wears a mask in bed...........
All the supermarkets by me have fully stocked shelves? How low can the #remoaners actually go in trying to cause fear and widespread panic?
They didn’t empty. Maguire’s pix were fake.
We will have to live with it. Sure we can manage for a week with alternatives.
Not sure where you shop b it my super market shelves are full. I’m guessing your going off a picture in Sainsbury’s where there was an empty aisle of vegetables taking at nighttime.....just like most shelves in the run up to  CHRISTMAS
Nothing like a little over sensationalising.
really I went to 2 shops and the shelves were full so what is your problem
Stevie, no shortage in my local shops.  Get back behind the sofa.
We do not plan to do anything to ourselves - if the E.U. refuses to allow people in the E.U. to trade with people outside it, that is their decision (not ours). And why should people in the E.U. be allowed to trade with Canadians and NOT with British people?
The shelves did NOT empty...and you know it.
Do you work in the food industry? Any idea how it works?
Our supermarket emptied? B*****ks!
They are not empty. Stop spinning crap!
Excellent news! Means less obese ppl will die from the pandemic. Kills two birds with one stone!
Only this didn’t happen and it won’t.
Utter tosh
You are talking rubbish.Supermarket warehouses have stock for 10 /15 days.The backlog at Dover will be cleared over the weekend.The majority of the lorries waiting are foreign, awaiting return abroad.So, all in all, the Government has done well resolving the problem.
Over the weekend? With every lorry, including the future being tested? Give it a couple of weeks mate lol
Come to Cardiff if you are stuck all the supermarkets full despite a ton of nutcases panic buying.
Erm .... bullshit! Just came back from a supermarket fully stocked up!
Been Waitrose & mothers been Asda & mate has been Tesco. Shelves flooded with stock. More BS just like that tosser Kevin Maguire
That's bollocks.
Well that tells me they need our custom as it’s our shelf’s they are filling and that we are paying for. Think about it stevie
Give yer heed a slap
Another remainer wetting his pants.
T.waddle
No shortages in our Brexit voting area, probably panicking Remoaners stocking up
Except they did not empty did they
Not where I am. Stop scaremongering
The borders wo not be closing.Get a grip.
You don’t get out much?! Supermarkets are fine. Got everything I needed this morning. Shelves remarkably full for the day before Christmas Eve.
Well not in my local supermarket.  Well stocked of everything I need, plus some. Stop trying to scare monger.
Borders not closed under WTO
Bollocks, plenty food everywhere
Look at me every one I’m a complete prick and attention seeker
Tell me again how no deal shuts the borders?
Governments fault not the peoples
Goods still coming up .
Lol
Pahahaha “empty”
Except supermarket shelves are stuffed with produce and the EU scare sorry is just the same as all their previous doomsday scenarios.
Not a problem in Sainsburys yesterday had plenty. Stop scaremongering
Just a reminder that money talks and bull shit walks. They need our tourism , our anti terrorism and security know how.  We import loads from abroad.
Husband currently at work in his fully stocked supermarket. Behave yourself.
I bet your pants are flamming  just now .
Typical remoaner!
you are wrong - the large shops have had warehouses stacked for some timedrop the fear supply chain bumps and carries on
I wish you were on very short ration Maguire
every remainer still whinging about leaving the EU gets blocked by me. I would rather have a shortage of certain foods than roll over and let those EU bastards win.
Just been to Tesco Kevin. Shelves full and v busy.
They are not empty at all, ive been to 2 supermarkets today and both are fully stocked. Dont believe the bullsh#t
If you tell a lie enough times some people will start to believe it.
Statistically insignificant sample size or the usual journalistic post truth?
Nothing being rationed in the Tesco that I’ve just been in. Perhaps you are starting to believe your own BS. :)
My supermarkets are jam packed? If this continues after Brexit then nice one! WTO HERE WE COME!
Absolute bollocks
Is this a parody account ?
Where? I’ve been Tesco this week and Sainsbury this morning. No rationing of anything. No shortage of anything.
This inane tweet won’t age well.
My local Tesco has copious amounts of @JackDanielsUK so i can’t see what everyones problem is.
My friend has just been to the massive one in Leeds, no shortage whatsoever.  My delivery arrived from there yesterday, all complete and very nice stuff.  You should leave slummy London sometimes.
My local Sainsbury’s had no shortages.
Defiantly nothing being rationed in any of the supermarkets so stop scaremongering
They have to do that because stupid people buy loads more than they need, so there’s nothing left for others
Lord Sainsbury was a prominent donor to the Remain campaign.Not that he's got a motive for stirring things up.To think, you used to be a journalist once!
Just got 2 kilo's of top Rump Beef, a 2 Kilo Chicken and 1 Kilo of chicken breast. I wonder what the French are going to eat with their stocks stuck in Dover?
Only Sainsbury's have said this
Except they didn’t stay empty for any longer than they normally do in the week before xmas. They were rapidly restocked from the supermarkets’ central hubs as normal which are well stocked for xmas.
Supermarket selfs are not empty
Pathetic
Absolutely no problems with shopping in Sainsbury’s or Tesco where I live. The only thing that’s run out, weirdly, is Christmas wrapping paper.
Crisis management with you creating the crisis.
None of my local supermarket shelves were empty
Plenty of food on our supermarkets
Desperate @Kevin_Maguire for attention
@cuntiosity
Tesco can ration whatever they like, however I went to Asda last night and Aldi on Monday and both stores had plenty of products on their shelves
They didn’t you melt.
France closed its borders with us. Not the EU. When the EU closes its borders with us it will make this shit show look like a minor blip.
Goodness me you tweet some rubbish - all supermarkets up here have plenty of stuff. Stop following the MSM misinformation diatribe.
But of an exaggeration isn’t it Steve? We ran out of lettuce the shortages (if they are not fake news) were more likely caused by the Tier4 restrictions, after all imports are not affected, 2000 trucks arrived yesterday
A reminder to buy British
Prices will shoot up i expect petrol will increase etc this government will love this
That’s not true, in Dover all supermarket shelves are full
None here either.
I live in Kent and our supermarkets were not empty in the slightest. No fan of Brexit but this is just not true
None of the stores that I, or friends visited, were empty, or even close to it. Stop this nonsense.
You never heard of British foods?  How on earth would you manage in wartime?
Stores were full in York. You speak with fork tounge
Plank
The EU sulked over brexit and did itself far more harm than anyone else, meanwhile the shelves are so full you can buy a swede for 14pence.  Still remoaners moan.There, fixed it for you
Just been to Sainsburys in Fareham, so much fresh fruit and veg they are stacking it in the entrance.
Got to be a parody account, none of our supermarkets are like this! I reckon this is Guy verhofstwat??
Have a word with yourself ........
Running low on lettuce Kevin?
And we know where Steve’s put the missing cucumbers
Absolute lies. Our shelves did not empty
We shall just have to eat more UK produce, like turnips, kale & rhubarb ! We survived WW2 without European produce and we can do it again.
I noticed that.I just used toilet paper instead, I've still got about 2000 rolls after last season's panic buying.
Nothing a good eye roll wo not sort out.
Another refuser comes out of the woodwork
Do not be daft
No they didn’t ! Shops are fine!!!
Hurry up Stevie, it’s time for you to emigrate before it’s too late and we all starve
They aren’t empty though - your believing media hype
Tesco’s over flowing where we are....I’d say more than normal on the shelves. Nothing I couldn’t get.
Exactly the same here,my wife went this morning said everything full up,could get whatever she wanted
Credibility down the drain Kev
They weren’t empty. @Kevin_Maguire lied or photoshopped as others in the same supermarket minutes later posted pictures of the shelves being full. I shopped same day M&S not an empty shelf in sight and no panic buying. Should still grow in U.K. though.
Uter tosh
Got the wrong. No shortage of anything in our local Tesco. This self harm by Macron demonstrates we can sail through Brexit.
firstly the eu did not close the borders, macron did and secondly there has been plenty of fresh food in the shops
Which shelves? They packed.
Are the supermarket shelves empty if only vegan products? I've been in a few supermarkets in the last few days and all shelves are full. Lots of lorries on the road to replenish as well. You might want to rethink this tweet instead of talking
Yeah bit makey up sovereignty and blue passports are more important that strong relationships with neighbours and food on your shelves.
Supermarket shelves were not empty because if macrons stunt . If any were empty it was because of panic buying instigated by the MSM leftie press and broadcast channels in this country telling ppl@there would be shortages .
You’re ok , we feel sorry for you.
The failure here is of commerce; 4 years for supermarkets to organise their supply chains.Lincolnshire farmers are ploughing produce back into the ground because supermarkets want cheaper overseas products.You know what to do people reward those businesses who adapt
No issue.And I can give up wine, brie, Volkswagen's etc for sovereignty.
Where were these shelves then??
It’s nonsense Kev. I can tell you are a Labour man because you are using alarmist tactics to score political points.
Do not know where you shop.....But we've had NO PROBLEMS, so I think it's remoaners trying the usual tactics.....
More project fear please move to the EU
Lol you are funny
They didn’t empty where I was. They were full....of everything and the stores were not concerned at all about potential shortages.The only people wetting themselves were flakes wound up by BS social media comments like this. Probably remainers thinking the sky was falling.
We have to laugh at fear mongers like Stevie that do not know the difference between a French blockade, and trading on WTO like  we have done with USA for example for many years.
People stripped the shelves in March and September so why was that? Nothing to do with supply only the stupidity of some people who panic buy. After shelves are empty it takes a good few hours to replenish with stock from the supermarket’s own warehouse.
The shelves are not empty, STOP SCAREMONGERING.
There's no problem with our supermarket shelves.Ca not you see through the strategy? Most people can.
Nobody is taking any notice of Maguire, he should apologise for his deliberate lies and attempts to cause disruption and division.... he’s best ignored.
I work in retail, the shelves are full you plank.
This isn’t true shelves are not empty loads of food here
A reminder if one were needed that this country has some very ‘special’ inhabitants
Well I went to Sainsburys this morning. No problem. Fully stocked & the majority of shoppers in there were NOT panic buying.
What Supermarkets have YOU been in ? Obviously the wrong ones. PLENTY of everything !
No we don’t. And the supermarkets here in Bristol centre are fine by the way.
Ours never emptied.   So no problem there then.
65% of us do not want Brexit. The majority of us know full well that Brexit is a corrupt fraud . A duped minority of only 26% of voters for Brexit are dragging the majority out. No benefit to our country at all as the negotiations have highlighted. So sad for our country
It isn’t called fresh produce for nothing?
But this isn’t true is it?
Harder more expensive trade for zero benefit but hundreds of downsides. What a "win"
You lie.
Where are the empty shelves Stevie? Stop. Lying. Stop the scaremongering. It is pathetic. I was at Sainsburys and at an Asda. No panic buying or empty shelves
You need to calm down Kevin brexit is happening and your going to explode if you do not relax a bit
Our shelves did not empty! Remoaners are pathetic
My local sainsburys earlier had plenty of veg
Wow....just wow. Remind me, where were these empty shelves? Oh, and how much lettuce we import from the EU?
Hey Stevie lad.This must have been a long four years for you.The bile, wow.You need to build a bridge.Merry ChristmasFelix NavidadJoyeux Noel And all that.......
No they didn’t get your facts right or get off Twitter
You’ll need to get some more fruit and veg pickers then as a lot of EU workers have left
No they didnt
Nonsense as usual
There's food ever where ! TV ! Newspapers are scaremonging ! as per usual
I do not know where you shop but everywhere I e been is well stocked.Remember, we buy more from the EU than they buy from us.  We're even ploughing food back into the fields.
Spin another" Ste “
No shortages in Cornwall at all....
Emptied by the same human pigs who’ve still got a lifetime supply of bog rolls and pasta
And from January you can get cangoroo testicules at a reasonable price.
Air Bridge #Germany -> #GreatBritain
"I have a nice idea: let's hold a referendum about it"
Lol bring it on. 52.48 deal with it.
What must it be like living with you!
YES if JONSON was a used car dealer you would never believe a word he said poor public . HE said they did not know about new covid I said in summer it would be like Flue mist join sage ha ha ha . #redfred
No, you're simply not telling the truth. Both my local Waitrose & ALDI were full, & the Morrison's delivery man told me this pm that his store has been the same. One exception, Waitrose  had sold out of its brand new Xmas Tiffin dessert, @ £13 a pop.
Wonder why we don’t hear from Remainstream Media about 15 miles lorry queues on other side of the Channel and they anticipate seafood shortages? -Brexit: they say a deal is still possible! (4k) https://youtu.be/kLlVbAq7fBg via @YouTube
And for those who criticised France for closing its borders to the new variant, are you criticising the UK for refusing flights from SA because of their new variant? Of course not. But it’s the right thing to do.
Sorry mate, our supermarkets are fine. No issues at all. Must be the people you surround yourself with. A little common sense, rationale, and calm and everything runs smooth. I know you need looking after, but when you become a full adult you’ll understand.
Nah, that's one of the safe spaces they reported creating, to protect their BAME staff from white supremacist customers.
Total crap, been to a couple of supermarkets today and their shelves were full.
No empty shelves in my Sainsburys
Daughter works at Tesco ( they’ve plenty of stock ) I’ve just called at M & S and it’s rammed with produce, you really need to get out more.
shelves all packed where I am.  Not even that busy.
Shelves were full in all stores today, so calm down
Didn’t they empty throughout the year due to panic buying?But hey let’s just pick & choose when we want to talk about empty selves to suit our own agenda
You spin a lie, then label people traitors when they call out your lie!
You poor soul. So easily received.
That was just the remoaners. Look forward to a garage full of rotting veg!
Don’t bit people this guy is a classic Troll
Rubbish, shopped in Sainsbury's, morrisons, plenty of stock.
As they did in France of our super seafood, the supermarket shelves were not empty at all btw
My local Tesco certainly wasn’t short of anything this morning. Shelves remain well-stocked! Usual media fabrications I think…
My supermarket shelves were FULL. Sorry to burst your bubble
Show us  one stevie
There arevno problems stop the bullshit ive been out in town 3 different supermarkets rammed with fresh produce
There’s a good boy, don’t wipe your nose on your sleeve!
Do not worry.....
Still pushing the food shortages lies, sigh. Shelves are full
Plentiful amount up in the NE must be those panicking Southerners
Stopping panic buying by idiots
I’ve been shopping today and got every item I wanted. There were no empty shelves and no panic buying
Do not know where you shop but tessco and aldi have full shelves and that was only 2 hours ago
Bullshit I shopped today and no shortage of any products the only visible shortage atm is lack of brain cells from Remaining lettuce  munchers .” God! No Lettuce what’s to become of us “ we are doomed ! <>
What a load of bull
Shop local, the shelves are full of fresh veg and fruite
Dunno where the empty shelves are , hull and rotherham stores are full
The Tory Party has failed the Country. We must never, ever, let this be forgotten.
Oh give me a BREAK!!!! If people are not talking about 1949, they’re talking about 1966. What is WRONG with you that you live in the past. My Mum and Dad lived through WW2, it is was not a “fun-filled” time.
Germany, Spain and Poland are hopping mad that their lorry drivers are stranded. Because Macron the gobshite caused this. Spain has all our veg sitting at Calais going rotten.
During lockdown 1 one of my neighbours ran out of TP and had to use a lettuce leaf!You might think that sounds desperate, but that's just the tip of the iceberg.
None in Witney either
There's life outside London
Least there not run out of coors. Unless you bought it all lol
The bbc have tried their best to find and create panic, but theyve failed miserably yet again
Stevie is talking bollicks or talking out of his Arsenal
Yep.  Here in Dorset got everything I needed.  Loo roll & eggs low, but still available
But it wasn’t actually like that at all - why don’t you try reporting the truth and not something that suits your narrative
Cheddar must be a firm cheese with &lt;39% moisture. It can be made anywhere, like for example Ireland.
Cheddar must be a firm cheese with &lt;39% moisture.A cheddar cheese can be made anywhere like Ireland for example.
No chicken. No idea.
I'll try and remember to message you later. I am going to the supermarket (it's quite a small one) after lunch.
Have you seen this?
Several European cheeses that were on our regular order no longer stocked by Ocado. Not 'unavailable for delivery on that date' - just no longer stocked.
Thanks!
No. Out food shopping at 8am. Found everything I needed. Food deliveries arriving as usual. No gaps on shelves at all. 3 shops visited, including M&S.
Yes, tweeted about that earlier, thanks.
The bread aisle in Sainsbury's yesterday at 5pm looked like some kind of bread based armageddon had occurred. But do not know whether that was just the time of day or whether others had cleared out the shelves. Fair few empty veg shelves too.
I work in a supermarket (nationwide chain)Deliveries has gone smaller (significantly)But I think is too soon to call it either way. Food Retailers tend to adjust stock after Xmas and takes them a while to re-stock due to how busy this holiday period is.
No mince pies or yule logs.
Went to my local co-op corner shop and they had everything, saying that, they always had flour, pasta and loo roll even in the most trying times.
fresh salads/stir fry ingredients were sparse but not excessively so.
Yes. I did online food shopping last week at Asda for delivery and they hardly had anything in stock. I was shocked!
Online Tesco no chicken breasts of any kind.
My wife's just been to Morrison's in Hastings and all was calm, no obvious shortages.
Loo rolls were absent from shelves in Waitrose last night
I was shopping for bird stuff yesterday.At Mole Valley there was VERY little in their 'bulk feed' area.No feed cornNo chick crumbNo santised bedding strawMany empty locations in the main store, too (although I did manage to get a small bag of chick crumb in there)
Got an e-mail from Aldi saying that they are well stocked and that there is no need for stockpiling. The stockpiling makes it hard for supermarkets to plan their stocks, of course.
M&S foods well stocked this morning.
No whole stretches of empty shelves in Waitrose this morning. A noticeably smaller selection of pasta, though, with a few fairly basic things like lasagne sheets conspicuously missing from the shelves.
I found the same. Small local shops never ran out, even when people were posting photos of desperate bunfights in the big supermarkets.
Get thighs, much better
Yes, this has been getting steadily worse since the shops opened after new year. Yesterday there was no chicken or beef in the chiller.Is there possibly also an element of panic buying, as well as the new import procedures?
* Not sure whether this counts but online ordering often has many items greyed as out of stock, which someone of great enthusiasm and energy might look into. *
I wonder if those are the sort of products that would have seen an Xmas/NY rush?
Pasta is now banned after Brexit
Morrisons and Aldi this morning. Both fully stocked.
no
No shortages in Cambs.
Not yet, but coming to a supermarket near you, soon.
I suspect that while they are made in the UK, that the paper pulp required comes in from Sweden. (Might be wrong. Anyone know?)
Just done an Aldi Click and Collect. The choice of wine (red, white and rose) which is usually quite good is much reduced.
Paper goods, tissues, toilet roll etc & potato products, waffles croquettes etc
No fruit and veg, Co-op, Battersea
Generally v low stock levels at local Lidl yesterday - lots of gaps filled with beer/wine both in chillers and on shop floor. Fresh fruit/veg one of worst sections.Same at Asda.
Waitrose in Witney is periodically low on or out of pasta.
Isolating so all on-line.No large soap packs for a few weeks, just got w/m spaghetti for first time in about a month. Oddly, frequent non-delivery of cod. Bloody Redwood probably bought all of it.
Just shopping online. Last week 12 items (out of about 80-90) missing in my delivery. Next one tomorrow, I keep my fingers crossed.
Tescos yesterday had many fresh food gaps
Consistently missing veg must count after a few days...
I will keep an eye out. I'm thinking that we wo not see much of this until late January early February. When we're about 3 weeks in to lockdown. So all will be peachy & fine.
Went to a Waitrose in Norwich this morning at 8:00.  Did not notice any shortages.
No, most stuff was there. Not many checken breasts, satsumas, had to buy different salmon. Otherwise I did not notice any other missing products, certainly no big gaps. The shop was slightly quieter than normal.
So unfortunate, when you allow your grandchildren to pick up your phone and write Twitter messages
My husband went this morning. Shortage of toilet rolls  no broccili, no salad leaves.
Waitrose Keynsham yesterday. No aubergines (bye bye ratatouille). Not much broccoli. Very little pasta. Otherwise, everything I wanted was there. Could just be new year shortages. Too early to say.
Local Morrison’s in Nottinghamshire. Most fruit and veg at 50% at best many empty boxes . Potatoes probably around 25% . Dried pasta around 50% . If that helps
No - but stuffed Tortellini (both fresh and vacuum packed / shelf stable vareties) have disappeard from Aldi.
Guess where COD comes from
I’ve noticed fruit has been very low quality.
Ocado fine today - everything there and no online queue
Just did a Waitrose shop this morning and there were no shortages that I could see. Plenty of salad,  which I’d been worried about.
Did spot a packet of carrots labelled ‘Proud to be British’ which was new for Waitrose
Waitrose delivery with lots of fruit and veg today. Only item missing is the bird food.
Yep my big Tesco in Exmouth Devon definitely had some empty shelves. Not specific to one area, just most isles were a little less jam packed as normal.
Noticeably short on loo roll at local Tesco Extra last night, some veg thin on the ground.
Plenty of empty shelves in our local Lidl including only 3 tubs of their lurpak copy available and all with broken lids!
Sainsbury very empty of fruit and veg and deli things waitrose well stocked although sold out of plain flour ! Loo rolls sparse everyone seemed to have an 18 pack probably whether they needed it or not. So I’d say demand shortages not supply.
Braved my weekly big shop. The only thing there was much less of was shoppers which was quite welcome. Everything else seemed ok.
Went to Tesco earlier household goods shelves were half empty - probaly due to brexit/ covid supply chain disruption  + lack of competing retailers
Is this in London?
I noticed today that the veg was nearly all gone, cold snacks isle was empty (sausage rolls, pasties, that sort of thing) and that there was no maple syrup (random, I know).Was surprised to see plenty of milk, eggs, UHT milk and paracetamol!The place was almost deserted. Odd.
I have not been out to see it. I've seen some Twitter comments. I doubt London is a major issue because we were pretty much in lockdown already.
We seem to be OK here in South East Wales. Shops OK this morning and had lots of fresh food.
So if you bought loads of stuff in a really relaxed manner would that be ok? :-)
There is nobody in the supermarket. The empty shelves are for fresh imported goods that simply aren’t being imported at the moment.
Waitrose early afternoon.  Reasonably well stocked although some gaps especially in the vegetables section.
Bananas are the new toilet rolls
Tesco in WSM (got back 20 mins ago.) Was not too busy.Generally well stocked, although missing some veg, some fresh meat, some bacon. Frozen section seemed to be a bit low in places.
Local Sainsbury's, not bad actually. Obviously not as much as they normally have but plenty there for people.
Big Sainsbury, Cameron Toll, Edinburgh.  Notable gaps, almost no oranges, few sausages, several other empty shelves.  So far, very much "first world problems", but still more gaps than at any time during Lockdown I.
Yes been shopping and no empty shelves that weren’t been moved around to display Easter eggs.
Greengrocer on the market wax incredibly well stocked with good quality fresh fruit and veg and loads of variety
Fruit and salad pretty lacking in Tescos and co op since before new year
Thats because they would have removed the near dated stock.  Filled Pasta is made in the UK
Aldi, Leyton, one hour ago. No obvious stock shortages but there continues to be a shortage of basic commonsense though....plenty of facemasks below noses / on chins
Tesco. Basically could not get any of the fresh veg I wanted. Also, noticed prices have jumped considerably since I was in there afew weeks ago.
There appears to be a crispy duck and special brew gap in Stevenage.
Frozen food empty.. No fruit or veg
Could not get sun  flower hearts from the pet shop the assistant stated that thre is a problem sourcing  them now, they are produced in the Ukraine which might explain things.
We were also in the EU transition period - now we are flying solo with just Doris in Charge. (please do not panic buy....!)
M&S yesterday, fruit and veg, salad greens, a few other shelves empty, but remember they are still shifting xmas stock, and a lot of people went and stocked up today.
My wife buys fruit and veg. from a local supplier who delivers, but not this week. No cabbage, sprouts, cauliflower or onions. There must be constipation somewhere Edwin. We’ll be trying the supermarket later this week. Fingers crossed.
Mostly empty fresh meat shelves in Morrisons Devizes this afternoon
None today in Waitrose in Sidmouth. Have to say it was eerily quiet there as well. Thought it would be crowded.
Flour was looking pretty sparse again.
Online shopping only so hard to judge but have not been able to get much in the way of fresh stuff from Asda here, no potatoes or tomatoes beyond expensive Extra Special ones, lots of other veg marked out of stock and unavailable too.
Why would import procedures effect fresh beef and chicken?  The majority comes from the U.K.
Shops around here fully stocked, no bloody smokeless coal anywhere though
My husband went at 6am and reported very little salad, not much milk, he got the last two packs of sunflower hearts for garden birds, no liver, otherwise not much else missing although had to get different kitchen rolls than the ones we usually buy. No noticeable gaps.
Husband says Sainsburys had big gaps, but Morrisons seemed stocked. Might be due to delivery probs rather than panic buying.
It's only the second day of business and hauliers have worked overtime all december, hence the abnormally high traffic in december, even for pre-Xmas times. THose stockpiles are not going to last forever though. And you ca not stockpile fresh fruit and veg, hence the gaps in those
I was surprised to see so much in Asda on a rare shopping trip yesterday. Plenty of imported fruit, raspberries, grapes etc. They might have been in before Christmas but they looked very fresh.
Bye bye ratatouille!!!  That really made me laugh!  I'm a teacher and a bit desperate for a laugh but thanks all the same!
Lots of gaps in our vegetable section yesterday afternoon.
I’m only buying Magnums and wine these days and there seem to be enough of those
Warburton Toaster bread, Altough the thicker toaster and the medium were plentiful, Everyone using the smaller Trollies just a normal shop for me Spuds, Prescription,  Bread, Cheese, Wine and a Condolences Card,A few people browsing reduced Christmas goodies,No Queues at Checkout
Weirdly our local Tesco's was very low on frozen goods yesterday
Sainsbury’s website is down, Tesco’s C;C slots are booked up for three weeks ahead. Good excuse to lose weight if you’re not Brexit stockpiled already.
I noticed that today. Very low on frozen veg.
Grocery delivery - no problem
No toilet roll in one of our big shops
Went to a local Tesco and all seemed fine. Only thing, all wearing masks, no one way system and no one really keeping that far away. Please try to shop alone! Two people make it harder to social distance.
I reserve my right to panic buy any typewriter ribbons I see.
No everything there thankfully.
None in Perth (Lidl, Tesco) today.
I think people might be noticing EU drivers don’t really want to come to Covid Isle?
Yes, noticed Tesco's is having vegetable gaps
Waitrose, Leeds at about 1pm today.Very thinly stocked throughout - definitely above the norm. Many shelves in the vegetable section were bare. Some bare shelves in the toilet paper isle. Shortage of plant milks. Shortage of fruit juices. But I got most of what I wanted.
I suspect one of the contributors is not panic buying but maybe people sensibly not wanting to shop so often. That is understandable but a problem for supply chain management.
Olive oil and imported cheese in noticeable short supply yesterday, but that could easily be my local Sainsburys being a bit crap.
Everything available apart from no 4 packs of toilet rolls  but packs of other sizes .
Local Waitrose had no fresh fish or fresh meat... or bread...
I should say that was only on the 'deli' counter. There was packed meat and fish on the shelves.
No.
From Waitrose Haywards Heath. Friend reports freezers all empty too.
Yes, a bit. Went about 13.00. Some breakfast cereals all gone. Plenty of red meat, but short of chicken, no sausages.Checkout said it was not especially busy but quite a few people were doing a very big shop, so presumably stocking up because lockdown means fewer trips to shop.
Empty freezers in Tesco’s today - no frozen potato products at all!
Hmm. Hopefully just a delivery glitch. The replies I've been getting indicate there ca not possibly be national shortages - yet.
The problem is that nobody believes Boozo and Gove when they say that there will be no shortages. There is no trust in this Government.
Yes, could not believe how little fresh fruit and veg there was at my local Waitrose this afternoon. I actually asked an employee about it. He said it was due to staff shortages and new processes, but I thought the shortages were mainly in the fresh produce section, so I wonder.
No raspberries in Lidl or Tesco!
I was shopping yesterday and shelves were normal. Is there some specific branch where the customers are particularly in need of multiple loo rolls?
My son just came for his break  working Co-Op (2-11 shift) said it "was mad" really busy and lots of people with large gaps. I went to buy milk at lunch and that was near empty. He did not say what the deliveries were like or the warehouse. I will ask him
Asda Low on soya milk. Low on frozen foods
This is going to be a self fulfilling prophecy...the Daily Mail has already started!
Tesco Extra-East Belfast 4pm (it opens until midnight). No berries etc at all. Virtually no chilled fruit juices (except for a random fruit mix everyone obviously hates). Very little chilled cooked meats. Very little in bakery products: pies, tarts, cookies. Reduced soft drinks
Complete absence of part-baked baguettes in Sainsbury's Godalming, no veg with a date longer than 3 days that I could see.
I do my food shopping online and am missing a few things. Is anyone else having trouble getting pet food e.g.?
No bread in our regular delivery today
Mon Dieu! Que faire
Neighbourhood Co-op store reasonably well-stocked for everything
Trying to shop less often
no raw prawns - also a LOT of things shown as "unavailable" on the ASDA page - will see what arrives on Thursday
Must have been bad as my wife took LOADS of photos of empty shelves in Lidl. #WORKINGCLASSVOICE
None at all that was at 08.15
No bread. Co op. First of Jan. No surprise. No lettuce and 17 substitutions asda 2nd Jan not usual.
There are also supply issues from Brexit paperwork putting off European drivers from “comin’ over ‘ere” and initiating shortages in our perishables chain. How severe I am not sure. But I suspect we have a few months of hell in front of us.
We had ours delivered from Tesco. A couple of swaps but nothing missing. We get our fruit and veg delivered by an independent though.
I imagine this is a combination of reasons - lorries that were stuck a couple of weeks ago will have their schedules delayed and the Covid situation here is no doubt putting some off in addition to your observation.
Hey Duncan! We are not currently restricting products. Customers can continue to shop safely and with confidence in our stores, where they will see we have good availability. We are of course monitoring this closely every day and will let you know if this changes. Ewan
Not exactly a list of the panic buyer's choice of things to hoard.
Never mind the 6bn of share trading that should normally have taken place on the London markets on Monday that went through Frankfurt Paris & other EU banking hubs... french financiers laughing at us and our  In other good news...
Presumably the people who are panic buying now are the same people who did it last time. Surely their garages are already chock-full of toilet rolls and packets of out-of-date pasta...?
Just struggling with fruit and veg from continent then ???
I have a money shortage
Holy shit.
fuuuhuhuhuhuck, not again
I know! There is NOTHING. 4pm on a Wednesday afternoon!GONE!
I know.
Is that Sainsbury at Darnley, because it looked like it was heading that way when I went on Monday night!  No bread, and lots of empty shelves in the fresh veg/chiller areas.
Yes it’s Sainsbury’s at Darnley. I’ve never seen the veg bit like this except at Christmas time tho.
I've been on a diet and lost about a stone and a half the last few months, but with the twin disasters of brexit and the virus I'm startin to think I should have been packing the beef on to keep me goin thru the next year!
That’s what I’m wondering? Is it panic buyers or Brexit? I dunno.
Brexit? Supply chains having problems? Have we not been reassured countless times by the UK gov that this would not happen.
There's an iceberg lettuce on eBay if you are still stuck #Brexitbenefits
Brexit means no fresh fruit and vegetables made it across the borders. Lots of delays and many European suppliers refuse to go to the UK now. It'll get worse yet
I remember when we were told this only happened in the old Soviet countries.Johnson making a determined effort to turn UK into a 4th world state.
Easy.  Just go round to theirs and... oh. :(
i must confess, i put a pot on last night too...
I hope you enjoy your soup. It’s perfect weather for it. We will try again tomorrow
Lots of people as skint also due to the affects on income from covid and a cold snap to, soup is always the best option. But expect more of the same as Brexit bites.
Or Brexits hapenning
Looks like bare legged broth for you guys.
Similar in my local Aldi - no signs of panic buying/hoarding, just a lack of fresh produce on the shelves.
Not even turnips? Yikes. Were not we all banking on readily available turnips after Brexit?
Oh wow, I mean, it totally is soup making weather, but...
There were no issues at my local asda
#Brexshit reality?
I've read a few tweets today, people saying their home delivery was short on fruit and veg too.
And how much of that will end up being thrown away.?
To those that are saying this video is old or fake, carry on. I won’t be replying cos you simply aren’t worth my time.I’m just an artist that is disappointed she didn’t get some homemade lentil soup.If you think I’ve set out to lie to you, may I suggest you get a grip.Thanks.
Jeezo!
On an upbeat note, did they have any soup though?
Nothing to do with Brexit as that would not affect British produce. Probably down to the bad weather and the problems that could be affecting the supply chain??
Project Fear. Brexit is brilliant. BBC would never use their position as State Broadcaster to lie to the people of Scotland. Johnson almost died for us!
No shortages there move along  !!
The joys of brexit...
soup is the new banana bread
80% of British food is imported.
The Brexit soup.
Is not that what you do during lockdown? Who's goat ma soup pot @JaneyGodley
Around me there is plenty-
No shortage of fruit and veg in my local Aldi or Sainsbury's today. Must be a regional distribution problem.
Not even turnips?
#world #soup #day
Which branch is this?
Glasgow?
What Sainsbury's?
I can confirm the soup making!
A consommé society
Visit small grocery shops. They are well stocked.
The same at my local Aldi (that never appeared to be low on stock in first lockdown), staff saying it was due to lorries getting through.
Good. Grief.
Reminds me of my childhood in PRL (Poland).
Went to Tesco on Monday at 7am to get milk to take to work...there was not a single banana in the place, but every other fruit & veg were exactly where they should be.This is panic buying - they'll all be binning it by the end of next week.
Diet season
We're having soup tonight, courtesy of some dried veg we bought last May. Like you, I visited my local supermarket yesterday and found a scene out of a disaster movie - hardly any fresh produce, and the meat shelves had been cleared out.
Looks like the Dutch exporters have found EU customers for their fresh veg...
Welcome to Brexit!
Bollocks my wife and daughters all work in tesco i go in every day nothing missing from the shelves. Cat ate our mushrooms today so nipped in the sainsbury local all shelves and veg full. Maybe were more considerate in the Midlands
Belgian & German fruit prices were mysteriously raised by a min 20% this week at my local ASDA. I do not know if it's part of a scheduled plan however it's timing is troubling.
Other half went to Lidl in Edinburgh this afternoon and it was exactly the same. Tesco was a little better.
Bloody hell the country's gone mad again did not anyone learn that you dont need to go buy produce in bulk
@xdanniellefal must have beat you
Aw naw, not again.Apparently, the last time there was this kind of shelf clearance, the weight collected by the refuse collection service was more than double its usual.Folk had not made soup then, just created more waste. I bet the same is true this time round.Depressing.
Are these the start of the food shortages that Mr Gove said would not happen?? Just asking on behalf of 'project fear' ...
Thank goodness I went with my gut feeling and stocked up! I’ve been buying extra every week since March. I knew this would happen! It’s bloody awful
I’ve just got back from my first shop since Christmas. This is where the tomatoes normally are. Nothing left at all. They had carrots, onions grapes and limes bizarrely but the rest of the fresh produce was completely empty.
Glad to see that during Lockdown #1 people learned that loo roll makes horrible soup. Now they’re panic buying veg instead. Progress I suppose.
Was in Lidl yesterday, not much fruit or veg. Meat counter was almost stripped bare.
Its happening.  No scare mongering.  There are difficulties and tariffs  moving foods and goods. Next is fruit, wine, cheese, medicines. Try and buy stuff from a shop after you leave it and sit in the car park.. brexiteers voted to be poorer- VERY rich people wont be affected.
Since sonel is local uk produced its Panic buying
This just encourages more panic buying!!!!
It’s all Leo Varadkar’s fault
Same in Morrison’s Fort William store tonight, very little stock of fruit and veg.Is this due to brexit fall out transport delays or just bad timing for a shop?
Isn’t it because they now gave to collect VAT for UK? I’m probably widely wrong and maybe doesn’t apply to food?
Local supermarket yesterday very gappy- I was told very short fresh deliveries been coming in for good few days. Noticeable gaps in fresh meat.
Went to Morrison’s at the weekend. No potatoes in stock. Couldn’t believe it.
today was the first noticeable day that i have not seen a single foreign registered vehicle at all. there's your food shortages right there. the drivers and the suppliers do not want to be here anymore
Head to the Co-op at Croftfoot in the morning.  Heaving with enough fruit n veg to feed the Sooside
Aye had that the day, no leeks anywhere, the lad in Tesco said the sold 3 days of leeks in one day.
Definitely something going on. No bread in my supermarket today and seen a similar fb comment from up in Edinburgh about bread
Love iceberg lettuce - 90% below the surface.
Tell her to make Brexit soup ... no vegetables just an old sock and some hot water...
Brexit soup ...
Plenty of people will be making batches of soup for elderly parents/grandparents who will not be able to go out for shopping. Makes sense to me. I dont get the panic buying on pasta and shite roll but
Heard that it has been renamed - Project Very Very Dear.
Sainsburys today mostly OK.  Somewhat odd that parsnips had run out - good old Brit veg surely?
Same scenario in N. Ireland, I thought it was due to teething probs with the new NI protocol....
Gaps where imported dried goods used to be in my Sainsburys
Oh dear. Here comes #BrexitReality
Shop local   they’re better stocked.
Smaller businesses seem to be better stocked. I work in a wee shop and no issues with shortages as yet.
Shit
Half the Veg will end up in the bin, bloody greedy cvnts
Most of our tomatoes come from the Netherlands I think. Carrots and onion domestic and grapes and limes Africa / Asia I would guess.
Brexit is kicking in.
Stuck in lorries in France methinks.
Same in our local Tesco store.
I’ve got tons of dried veg - stocked up in Nov. If she’s struggling DM me & I’ll get some to her
We went to Sainsbury's the other night and the pasta, bread and rolls were sold out. These same people will end up throwing out the excess bread and rolls they have stockpiled because there's too much to eat and they have not put them in the freezer. #numpties
It's just supermarkets. I'm lucky to have a small fruit shop which delivers. They have decided to close during lockdown. If you can, shop local independent shops
I have catering packs of soup + frozen, tinned & dried veg, stock & other stuff. I've been preparing for a couple of years.
You should see NI
It's so weird I was in Sainsbury's Darnley at 5pm taking a video exactly the same to send to my flatmateIt was not just the vegetables, it was the fresh meat. The shelves were nearly empty
I did see that Sainsbury’s was having difficulty with supplies but thought it was only in NI - they made an agreement with Spar there to get stuff - fresh veg and meat - on their shelves (Spar branded). Seems more widespread then
Whit!  nae lentils?
Brexit soup?
Can you make plastic soup
We went to our local Morrison’s and there are empty sections of fruit and veg and ready meals. It’s the slow burn of the shortages to come
You really need an onion too imo
What, haven’t you been planting your verges? #BrexitShambles
no they said that it was not their responsibility to ensure we had food....but they were quite happy to put up trade barriers and not prepare for them.
Do not confuse panic buying with there being no produce available. In March there were no food shortages but people  going mad....no there is very little food coming in......
you ca not really panic buy veg. There simply are not items coming into the UK. We will be East Germany in a few weeks time.
I went shopping yesterday and in central London there do not appear to be any shortages.  Yet.
Morrisons. Noted more chicken than normal in the meat section
I went to Tesco yesterday.  Lots of flour, lots of bog rolls, lots of pasta on the shelves.  I did not really notice gaps, and I got all the things I went in for.
Semi skimmed milk, Brussel sprouts, mushrooms, sweet potatoes. Bread low but known far worse. Otherwise pretty good
No mozzarella in Sainsbury home delivery and Deliveroo.
Leeds North East yesterday there were obvious shortages in Pasta and fresh fruit. Lower levels of stock on several other categories eg toilet roll, tea. Nothing disastrous just less product on shelves
Aldi yesterday, Bournemouth. Full shelves. Did not see any shortages (thankfully).
Not today, but yesterday - absences were obvioius in fruit and veg - citrus mainly, and (surprisingly) potatoes. Oh, and also (outwith the fruit and veg) a complete lack of slippers other than size 11.
In Sainsbury’s yesterday there were noticeable gaps in the meat and veg sections. Everything else seemed normal. Presumably not to do with panic buying but supply
Well, that's just the end of life as we know it.
No semi skimmed fresh milk at sainsbury, just long life filtered milk instead.
No gaps as far as I could see, really not expecting much yet as demand still pretty low.
Noticeable absences in fruit in Sainsbury’s - no strawberries, raspberries, limes, few bananas.
I could not order any vegetables at all apart from green beans for my Morrisons delivery on Monday. No carrots, spinach, cauliflower, broccoli, cabbage, sprouts...
Yes. Under-stocked shelves after Christmas . Certain missing brands from european suppliers.Whether this temporary due to lack of trucks or more permant circumstance is to be seen.Seriously considering leaving as soon as airport opens, if it does.
I shopped on Monday and there were gaps in the fresh produce section. Could have been coincidence but will check from now on to see if the coincidence continues
Asda last night, potato and bread ok but NO green cardamon.
no gaps in Hove
Went to a co-op hardly any salad  stuff, went to Tesco express had lots of salad stuff, however I noticed that much of it was from Israel rather than  Spain
No fresh chicken at all in my local Tesco.   Been like that for a week.
That really nice Toby chocolate ( from Amsterdam ). Not much left. A small tragedy.
Not food but noticed a lack of fresh flowers
I visited a Co-op in north London this morning and it was completely sold out of paracetamol and ibuprofen. Toilet roll aisle was almost empty too.
Lack of slippers, that's an outrage, Bloody EU!
Just came back from local big supermarket (Waitrose - only one within walking distance). Shelves pretty fully-stocked. Seemed to have surplus of some pre-packed meat & salmon; extra shelves of loo rolls. Seemed to be less green veg though (broccoli, cabbage). Plenty of salad.
Shopping at lunchtime. Will report back
My sister sent me this photo from Tesco in Newry last night. Guy on till told her a lot of fresh food is out of date when they receive it
Shortages of fresh fruit (citrus) and Med. veg. - auboes, courgettes, peppers, toms.
We’ve struggled to get coal/logs
ASDA home delivery weekly shop, only one substitute - Houmous 30% less fat for Houmous. Everything else as ordered and on it'd way, pleasantly suprised.
Not in store but just received my Morrison’s online delivery in the last 20 mins (Lancashire).Received everything I asked for except for frozen chips.Fresh Items delivered included Bananas, lettuce, Toms, Onions, mushrooms and Eggs. Also had no problem with flour.
Gosh I’ve literally just finished an online with them for next week and all those things where available.
Local butcher/farm shop, low stocks because this is the first day they’ve opened after NY; my requested item (pies) were there frozen, they just hadn’t baked any, waiting to see how busy they got. Keeping an eye. Supermarket delivery due in a few days.
Having salad from Israel is long overjew
Received my Ocado order yesterday Only one item substituted
Bits and bibs shop at a Local Sainsburys,  no problems , all shelves looked stocked .
I did not notice any obvious gaps on shelves. The shop was very busy though, especially for a week day morning. There was a short queue to get into the supermarket - nothing like when 2m distancing was first introduced, but first time in months that I've seen a queue outside.
Less choice in M&S yesterday of bags of salad. Everything was as normal
Have been able to find certain products for a couple of weeks. Milk of Magnesia out of stock in supermarkets and pharmacies
Click and collect at Tesco.  Only 1 substitution: asparagus bundle.  Plenty of fruit and veg in the order.
Aldi no cooked beetroot!! But every thing else well stocked.
Those are freezer units... possibly empty for maintenance...
Went to Sainsbury’s last night because they cancelled my delivery the day before. Less fruit and veg
Lidl in West Yorkshire 8:30am. Fruit and veg stocks lower than normal. Some big gaps, not sure what was there. Lettuces and easy peelers both available but tiny and unattractive. Nearly everything else fine. No sense of panic, not really busy.
My wife did the weekly food shop today, got everything she needed, said she did not notice any missing products.
Smoked salmon and foie gras was missing, I'm most distressed about this
No empty shelves. There's still some ignorant bastards not wearing masks in the shops.
Sainsbury’s seemed pretty low on stock and no lightbulbs to be found anywhere which is what I went in for.
I went to Sainsburys at about 7.00 pm last night (which is my usual time now because less people). I do not usually have any problems getting everything I want but LOTS of empty shelves last night.Inc some fresh veg items, lot of meat, lot of bread products.Never seen it before
Weekly Ocado delivery all there no subs. Veg dates a bit shorter than usual though, 9th is Sat, 2 days...
Gaps on shelves for fresh produce, less choice, gaps for citrus and fresh fruit and veg. Some gaps in dairy and some imported cheese up in price. Got all I needed.
I went earlier, 0845. A few gaps, very little fresh bread “comcentrate hasnt been delivered”. Prices increasing? Oh it was a large Tesco.
That was my experience in Sainsburys too, last night
Waitrose Keynsham today. No significant shortages. Aubergines back (ratatouille revisited). I was able to get everything I wanted.
Hoping to quickly get in & out of Sainsbury’s  I suggested to staff member they could bring bread from furthest point in store & milk etc close to entrance. She said that they put hot cross buns there at Easter! Very little citrus fruit & other empty shelves
Shopped in Aldi's yesterday and all the shelves were well stocked with everything.
Local Sainsburys. Only noticeable gaps in shelves are in the fresh fruit section, particularly citrus. Veg shelves have been rearranged with greater quantity of seasonal UK veg. Could be nothing but the cynic in me thinks otherwise.All other shelves appeared fine.
Fully-stocked Aldi store in the Midlands. Fresh fruit and veg from Morocco, Egypt and Peru. A few items (broccoli and peppers) from Spain, but it makes me wonder if Aldi has already implemented contingency plans.
I just came back from a fairly small Lidl that serves quite a large population in a Tier 4 area.It was well stocked with everything, including fresh fruit & veg, eggs, pasta, toilet roll & home baking products, though for some reason their own-brand baked beans were nearly gone.
Tesco in South Wales seems fine. Did not notice any gaps.
I've been to our local Sainsbury's a couple of times this week, including today.  Nothing out of the ordinary though the shelves looked like I'd expect them to late on a Saturday, rather than a Thursday morning.The warehouses are still full.  Give it until February.
Local Aldi (Cotswolds) was pretty well stocked apart from liquid dairy products but they had plenty of cream laced with brandy so is probably just post-Xmas stocking.
Was in m&s today in Edinburgh.Fully stocked.
Not long back from Aldi and coop, absolutely no problems in either. Even plenty of loo roll
A few empty or low-quantity shelves in Sainsbury notably lacking in citrus.
Hi Edwin, been to Tesco in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset today. Nothing was out of stock, the whole place was very well provided.
You or M;S?!
Hi Edwin. Went to Sainsbury’s in Horsham today. Very quiet and fully stocked.
Yes definite gaps everywhere , You could get pretty much everything you wanted, But not in the brand you wanted, Many value brands gone, And you’re left with the more expensive ones.
Sainsburys Leeds: gaps all over the place, but generally well stocked. Emptiness for salt? Marmalade? Grapefruit, Bananas and big boxes of Whiskas cat food. Bread very low with many skus missing.
Sainsburys delivery coming today,everything I ordered including raspberries, strawberries, blueberries is coming, my usual tomatoes substituted for different ones, so all good at the moment.
Lidl same as usual
Up at Teesside Park the shelves were packed, but where the people? Never seen the place so empty.. no need to panic-buy up in north-east/North Yorkshire country
The citrus area was quite bare at Waitrose in Poole today. No clementines at all.
No problems. Much to my surprise.
Morrison’s Kirkby In Ashfield Notts . Most fruit and veg now below 50% possibly as low as 40%. With the exception of potatoes which are 20% at best
To answer my own question, the local Coop had most things, but no mushrooms (4 empty spaces where different kinds would have been) yet plenty of other vegetables.Could be because we source most mushrooms from Ireland, and there are supply chain hiccups?
Aint been out but heard in NI Tescos is selling Spar branded items because they ca not get their produce
No snack sized carrots and hummus in the Tesco meal deal section. Although tbf they still have big bags of carrots and pots of hummus which are about 10* the value for money.
All the white cabbages at my local Tesco were brown and past it. Quite a few gaps in the fresh produce. Not great, but could have been worse.
They’ve reduced the veg/fruit area in our local Asda by about 30%, lots of gaps.
All seemed good, but strange placement of beer in the fruit and veg department in Sainsbury's
Local Iranian supermarket - excellent range of fruit and veg in stock, all fresh.  Presumably from the airfreight market?
No brocoli, still no fresh salmon, no potatoes and hardly any fresh beef or chicken
Hides a gap?
That's normal for them.
Milk rationed in Tesco's. 2 fresh cartons or 3 long life. All the imported noodles were missing. Some fruit and veg looking a little sparse and some of it not quite fresh.
That's a hell of a sauce.
Had a quick walk round Waitrose to pick up a couple of things that we did not get in Sainsburys delivery or zero-waste store. Shelves seemed okay from a cursory perspective.
Co-op.No onions, broccoli, lettuce, or mushrooms. Fruit limited. Bread- some brands missing.Hunners of chocolate digestives.
Don’t live in the UK but the bank charged us 10€ to send 50€ to UK bank savings account. Brother in law in Brussels got charged 52€ customs duty on 50£ worth of goods from the UK. Scandalous!
No real gaps, nothing noticeably missing, it was fairly quiet too
Yep, I went today. Things I wanted and couldn’t get as there just weren’t any:Broccoli Beetroot Mixed peppersMy usual butterStrawberriesAny kind of melon except honeydewLettuce
Went last night. Co-op Lidl & Aldi. Co-op literally had nothing in fresh produce. Space where tomatoes go completely empty. Aldi was better but very depleted. Lidl was the best but still gaps and not much left. Ocado coming tomorrow. So far it’s saying nothing is out of stock
Mandarins sold out in Tesco Gap was filled up with Melons spread out over 3 shelves
Everything else was fine. Didn’t see any evidence of Covid panic buying except toilet roll was low. Milk yogurt cheese etc was all there but low on stock. Tins jars spices etc all absolutely fine. This was in all 3 stores.
Gaps but not massively so.
I did... and honestly - nothing missing..
We went yesterday 6th, very little veg apart from potatoes or prepacked, no moet, only plain flour no pasta but spaghetti, very little lamb, beef or pork. We got our full shop but had to substitute a lot especially frozen or tinned veg & meat. And bought Lanson!
Local Sainsbury's was fully stocked this morning
Ordered click and collect from @sainsburys.I ordered 50 normal staple items (nothing fancy, and things which are usually in my local store), said I did not want any substitutions.I had 40 items to collect today. 20% of my regular shop was unavailable
All normal at our local cal supermarkets at the mo.Heard from my friend in N.Ireland that loads of shelves are empty
Yes. In big Sainsbury's. Bananas down to the dregs. Greens very low. Weirdly short of noodles. And very short of toilet roll.
Yes. Waitrose in Milton Keynes. Lots of empty shelves and limited choices. I asked the checkout lady is there been stockpiling, and she said no, it had been pretty steady. Had no idea why the shelves were so poorly stocked.Many kinds of fruit and veg missing in particular.
The breakdown of those 10 unavailable items was:5x vegetables2x fruit1x fresh meat2x frozen food
This is in Brighton.
Husband just reminded me the only salted butter was anchor and no paracetamol so had to get it from chemist.
Should say this was about 4.30pm. Possibly they had better stocks earlier.
Asda home delivery today. No eggs or oranges. Not sure if this is supply chain issues or lockdown baking supplies. I'm guessing it's a bit of both.
yes, an awful lot of fruit shelves empty
No leeks or aubergines available in my online delivery from Sainsbury’s. But maybe high demand or post Xmas.
No but I got an email from a company I've been waiting on a delivery from for literally months. "Due to brexit were not sure when we can deliver this item".
Just to my local shops.  Everything was there I was looking for, no appreciable gaps.
Yes, I shopped today. Mostly, the shelves were well stocked. A few gaps in fresh produce but I was able to get all I had on my list.
Sainsburys East Dulwich 7pm. Fruit & veg and spices missing (?) Place VERY quiet too.
Stocks in Supermarkets has always been low in January.
Who is doing the maintenance? That frozen chicken?
Not been shopping but interesting that wholesale price of fresh chicken meat from Poland is up by 30% since Xmas. Some of it is due to seasonal shortages but never seen a jump of this much. Beware Curry inflation !
No fresh raspberries and no oranges in tins. Strawberries just begging put out and people were buying them so quickly. Do not know about others things, only went for fruit to use up meringues from Christmas
Well I noticed bread was in short supply as well as mango, blueberries and spinach and most fruit. This was in Tesco's, co op was fully stocked today.
I haven’t been food shopping for our household so can’t comment. However, as farmers we’re finding animal feed suppliers are starting to struggle. The feed mills are struggling to source raw materials. They’re hoping to receive their next delivery within the next ten days!
My online shop had 9 different items missing (I had ordered 2 of some of them) & 3 substitutions
Yes. In the coop tonight, lots of empty veg and freezer shelves.
I went to local Sainsbury’s, I noticed gaps in cheese, cold meats and several other shelves, I asked the cashier about it, he said it had been busy, my feeling is there are delivery problems.
No it was fine
My husband does the shopping atm bcs I try and shield as much as possible and as of now he’s notice no shortages where we live.
Went to the local fishmonger too .... she said a lot of the boats aren’t going out because they can’t export the catch and the U.K. market is too small
Co-ops in Oxford - 80% empty fresh veg/fruit shelves yesterday.
Lidl. Fresh produce. Midday yesterday
Yes, Sainsbury’s, first time since Christmas, no flour, no sugar, no tomato products, very little in bakery section, obvious gaps elsewhere
Also, staff member said warehouse also empty - finding it hard to get stock of fresh veg and fruit - different problem to during first lockdown which was down to panic buying.
Went to the local big Tesco before work this morning. The only completely out of stock item was, weirdly, Heinz tomato soup. All other soups available! Some in-date salad goods looked a little on the turn.
I went to Aldi for my weekly shoping today (N. Wales). Found everything I needed except parsley.
Asda Cheltenham.  Generally good, some gaps in veg ( no parsnips), they had limit of 3 on broccoli and tomatoes last week but no mention today. Very short of all forms of fresh chicken
Nearly 70% of the UKs Fresh fruit ; vegetables comes from the EU. interesting that of the 7 things on your list that you could not find today, 6 of them were fruit ; vegetables. The 7th item was your ‘usual butter’.? I presume that wasn’t ‘Lurpak’ as that comes from Denmark too.
honestly it’s peak human stupidity
Súper-spreader risk #covid19qld
Perhaps they all read your inspired post on diarrhoea.
And unfortunately there are very few masks.
And who in reality doesn’t have 3 days worth of stuff already in their house? I’ve run out of milk, but besides that could easily have 3 days at home ....
At this point panic buying TP is a tradition.
It does not actually look that busy, and their trolleys do not look very full. Bit unfair.
always starts with 3 days
For once some crazy stuff is going down and its not in my country?
You’re right, it does feel like the starting whistle at a sporting game..
It's game theory. Everyone knows people will buy TP, and there could be temp shortages - by acting rationally and not buying TP, you could run out. So rational thing to do becomes to buy TP
My local stores are chaos - lines around the buildings. I need tp as well which is frustrating  I just decided to give up & do a click & collect order
It’ll be 14 days with those lack of masks
It’s 2021. What mad fool doesn’t have a toilet paper subscription?
Hence the expression shit scared ...
People are sheep
Just use water!
Everytime! Why????
This is why AP should have thrown a mask mandate for indoors into the mix.We know people flood supermarkets as soon as any type of 'lockdown' is announced.If just one person here has been in contact with UK strain, think of how much spread could occur in a single supermarket.
I was thinking exactly the same thing!! Maybe they are stocking up on laxatives also!
Well it depends on what you are eating. Street cart in Indonesia, you might need two packs of 12 rolls over three days
Looks to me like they have already shit the bed!
It’s 3 days now but if they get a single case Anna will probably keep it locked down 3 weeks
The intelligence of the general population never ceases to disappoint me.
soooooo BIZARRE
This is why I hate people.
FUN FACT: people are dumb
Seriously, major supermarkets must look forward to announcements of lockdowns. Big $$$ boost.
I was going to go out and buy some meat and get a haircut for next week. But I think I'll stay home watch Cobra Kai.
Try six months.... ha ha
I fear that someone may answer you ...
If people need that much for 3 days, should they already be seeing a doctor?
Why are we like this?
It's Ipswich though...
Not many masks being warn!
I would love to know the psychology behind panic buying toilet paper. For 3 days..
I was meant to do my usual Friday shop today, so I have very little food in the house. Looking at all the chaos out there, am quietly staying home till it settles down. Honestly, there is no need to panic. Sigh.
Some people seem to enjoy panicking - it provides the illusion of action. Henny Penny is a 'how to' story for them.
They’ve been wanting a reason to panic buy toilet paper for months
Seems like they're shitting themselves plenty already, maybe it's appropriate to buy that much?(it's not though)
Is there a cholera outbreak in Brisbane?
Honestly tho, people here always talk like they could totally hack it survivalist style out bush, then they go camping with a microwave and by severity of outbreaks/lookdowns seems Aussie are panic buying world champion..
Marry me. & to answer your question, I don’t imagine much...
I really do not miss those days...
Diarrhoea.. remember??
OMG it’s only 3 days
And does the world these people live in operating on only having one spare toilet roll at home in normal circumstances?
I bet no epidemiologists panic buy toilet paper! ( forgive me for the anecdotal evidence)
Maybe they are just shit scared?
Not again.
Has Tim Smith been sighted in Brisbane?
They panic bought TP in UK. Data shows it causes a terrible outbreak with mutant strains. Avoid panic buying. (No responsibility taken for using correlation without causation.)
A women bought 72 Rolls for her South Australian guests arriving at 14:00 before they head to Sunshine CoastExpect a bigger lock down next week
My coastal town North, has become full of people escaping Brisbane & the shelves are emptying here too!
Health officials are now discovering that lockdowns do not in fact cause immediate and violent diarrhea.
Ipswich. Leader in so many things.
Again with the bog roll ffs
I know right...
3 days. Get a grip people.
They saw Victoria, not only did we lead with mask wearing, we are trend setters on big roll hoarding.    In a way it's a compliment.... (Yeah I do not believe my spin either)
To be fair. So many of the lockdowns we had in Melbourne were much longer than promised. I get wanting to have a few weeks supplies for you and your loved ones.
What's with the guy holding the TP aloft like a trophy?
But the lockdowns never restricted people's access to supermarkets!
Hmm, let’s see. . . maybe people with executive function disorders, people who haven’t been paid yet, people with teenagers or growing kids, people who do the shopping on Saturdays. . . this ‘crowd’ lol are basically just the people who’d usually get this stuff over the weekend?
A shit load
ah, come on Dr Sharma, everyone has to have their turn with the toilet paper panic, it's an Aussie #covid19 rite of passage now
Maybe more masks and less toilet paper? Just a thought..
Challenge accepted?
And barely a mask in sight
I made a butter chicken yesterday that did not agree with me at all, so who knows really.
Has anyone told them that the Supermarkets ( essential service), remain open & that they can still buy groceries during lockdown??
Or eat
Not a mask in sight!
I can’t get over how many of them aren’t wearing a mask and how social distancing seems to have disappeared!
The Pines is chaos down here as well and the traffic is insane.  The Brissoes have fled to the coast. What a bloody debacle of selfishness!
I was in an IGA this morning before hearing about the 'lockdown' and knew something was up by the amount of toilet paper flying out the door
This why the aliens will never come here-  they have seen  the crazy and have moved on to a sane part of the universe. .
Oh FFS let’s spread the quickly quickly covid all shopping together at the same time WTAFDID NOBODY IN OZ LEARN ANYTHING AT ALL FROM VICTORIA??SHOPS ARE OPENTHERE IS TOILET PAPERITS ONE OF THE FOUR REASONS TO GO OUTGod almighty we truly did suffer for nothing down here
There's no panic buying in countries where there is trust in the government. These behaviours arise out of a fear and of feeling like you have no one to trust. You're a doctor you have agency and power. Not everyone does. Have a heart. Also gave some insight.
Still don’t get it.
Not many masks in view.
It's the age old question is not it...
Par for the course. I worked in retail the day before a public holiday is always crazy busy. Mostly because people who regularly shop on the closed day come in the day before shops close
I don’t understand toilet paper. Surely chocolate is much more critical. Yet when I went to get bread & milk (only because we didn’t have any!) Everyone else had TP under one arm. So odd.
What are they eating up there?
I was due to do the weekly shop today after ducking in to work for the morning.  By the time I went to @ALDIAustralia at Capalaba about 2pm it was a pretty standard Aldi shop to be honest. No bread on the shelves, and fewer types of meat, but otherwise it was a quick line, etc
So I was very happy :D I know that is certainly not everyone's experience at the shops today
Because you ca not trust a politician..3days = 3 weeks..Look at Scomo...End of March to mid February !They are all making it up as they go! NO confidence in any of them!
On Wednesday, Tesco in Birmingham milk was rationed and there was low availability.
In Victoria’s first lockdown I turned all prepper. I now could live for weeks without  going to the supermarket. The feeling of being in control is quite heady.
This is ridiculous.
There's very little real panic buying that actually goes on. The nature of these supply chains is such that you just need a few people doing a larger than normal grocery shop all at once for the inventory to be exhausted.
When the Queensland government said “Everyone needs to play a roll in this for the next 3 days” Don’t think they meant toilet rolls
WFT did ppl do decades ago when we had shops closed around Christmas & boxing day
Certain fruit and veg was unavailable e.g. blueberries, butternut squash. Pasta shelf was significantly empty & there were restrictions on how many items of frozen veg you could purchase. Overall, the store looked depleted.
Holy shit!!
Maybe they've just seen everyone else do it and thought ok not sure why but this what we're meant to do next.
Gods, people are SOOOOOOOOOOO STUPID......
I am a Victorian with IBS and I have never resorted to this panic buying, even in the darkest of days. Calm down peeps.
I just don’t get it #toiletpaper #panicbuying #lockdown
New: European Commission says it has extended contract with Pfizer/BioNTech in order to buy an extra 300m vaccine doses (this wd bring to 600m total amount of BioNTech doses)
At this rate it will be 2022 before they get round to vaccinating everyone, if only they can find that notebook with the list of names.
Slow.
Delivery starting May or June at the earliest.That's poor by any standards.
This is the second 300mm right? First 300mm before that... And manufacturing inside EU is a great benefit in these times of scarcity...?
Gosh. I hope they saved some money by not “panic buying” In August like UK. I mean what’s a few extra lives eh ? Lockdown €/month ?“Starting in Q2” come on Tony dig deeper that’s a fob off. What is exact schedule, how long before all delivered ? What’s allocation between 27 ?
God this shits me! Seriously tho people...have not we learnt the shops do not shut and unless you live on the moon...Coles does deliveries!!!!
So well behind the curve then... EU creaking into some action
80k already delivered but only 15k used. Why the glacial pace of rollout?. HSE must be held accountable for this shitshow
Too late to save this year
A slow puncture can still fail catastrophically.At the moment, Brexit is a slow puncture.It has rewritten the whole idea of the landbridge, with most freight spurning the UK and travelling direct between Ireland and the EU. And it is already hurting fishermen.But...
But on the whole, its impacts remain limited, rather than being felt widely.That could all change in the next 2-4 weeks.Why? Because flows at the ports have yet to pick up in a meaningful way. If they stay low, gaps on shelves are a cast-iron inevitability.And...
And bare shelves on the Gold Coast and we aren’t even in lockdown
I wouldn’t be expecting a full vaccination this year if that’s what the logistics are looking like.
There was no white breadmaking flour on my local supermarket shelf last time I went shopping. Luckily I use wholemeal (except for making pizza, and I could use wholemeal for that too). Could just be people stockpiling for lockdown and may be temporary.
Humans ay
It won’t hit the front pages until KFC run out of chicken.
..and when the real food shortages kick in, expect widespread civil unrest.
This is wild
Just beyond comprehension.
meanwhile lockdown 3 in the UK, 60k cases per day.
Why are they panic buying? Are they not allowed to go to the supermarket during lockdown?
Come to Norway, we shut the supermarkets for 4-day stretches during holidays, forcing everyone with small fridges to shop at expensive convenience stores......
They are allowed to go to the supermarket, this is presumably in response to prominent media reports saying everyone else is panic buying, so make sure you get in there before the others do
Have you seen how tiny fridges in Brisbane are?
Why no masks? Have they not been paying attention?
Where are there masks?
It’s 3 days!!!How much TP you need for 3 days?What the hell is wrong with their bowels?
I’m annoyed because I needed to go normal grocery shopping today
We're going hard and going home.
There has up to this point little need. Social distancing is all that has been necessary, which has been respected.
Probably a trust issue from first lock down 1.Three days is the best case scenario, if more positives are found with the uk strain, it won’t be only three days 2.We were told for weeks on end during first lockdown the stores can and will replinish stock quickly, didn’t happen.
It’s 3 days. The shops don’t even close over those 3 days. You can still go shop over the 3 days. No one is wearing a mask - creating the very risk we’re trying to avoid. It’s utterly irrational behaviour
I got off a train at Central about 45 mins after the announcement. Within 30 secs, I’d seen 2 people walk past with 12 pack toilet rolls. Quick out of the blocks, they were - they must have been straight off to Woolies as soon as the lockdown news came through.
Yeah seriously this panic buying for a three day lockdown is a bit silly. It’s 3 days. How much toilet paper do@you need.
Not a mask in sight, though. Shows the priorities
Woolworths at lunchtime, a few hours after lockdown announced. Looks like a latecomer to the supermarket frenzy will be stuck eating leek soup for dinner & stewed rhubarb for dessert.
Can’t trust govt but also can’t trust each other. Selfishness is off the charts. Bumper to bumper on M1 as they all rush down to their holiday house on GC beaches to avoid 3 whole days in comfort of their own home.
Well it’s very obvious ... this COVID thing is really scary and they is already shitting themselves bigly.  In fact I expect a few have Engadined themselves in the shop when they found the 36 roll packs were all gone.
where the fuck are the masks in that supermarket pic? Looks like a superspreader event.
Same here, couldn’t work out why the supermarket was so busy on a Friday morning. Son told me there’s now 0% rentals available where we live. Literally none, bc all those selfish p*^*^s have moved here to avoid lock downs.
No tomatoes in Lidl this morning.
Christ and there was me thinking the British public were thick!
You ca not eat or drink toilet paper
I respectfully beg to disagree! #theguywhoeatspaper
Ah, the all-year-round Peruvian asparagus! I do not buy it because it has too many air-miles.
Idiots! I was at the bottle-o buying up all the quality clear skins!!! Let the fools have their tartare sauce
I went to Sainsburys in Tamworth today.  It was mostly well stocked with the exception of the fruit and veg section.  That section was 60% empty, most of the commonly bought fruit and veg had gone.
Looks strange to see people in public spaces without masks.
This is why I always shit BEFORE I get up in the morning.
Selfish stupidity!
After what’s been happening in the US, are we so surprised what people will do?
If the lockdown we had in Adl is any indication, tomorrow there will be hardly any people and the shelves will be stocked with fresh stuff. If you follow the rules and just go for essential shopping it will be a pleasure tomorrow.
And this picture says it all
We humans haven’t learned anything from other states ‘ lockdowns.Pathetic
It is Qld and we have seen in Hinze, Joh Bjelke-Petersen and Pauline Hanson just how great the need for fresh shit paper is up there. They really ought to be airlifted snorkels and alligator repellant.I know Katter feels strongly about this...
Be interesting to see how Irish supermarkets are being impacted too. Quite a few would have been using stuff via land bridge
Hi there. Just did a 7k hike and on my way back popped into Waitrose in my local petrol station. Fully stocked...... just milk running low. Veg, fruit all there....
Definitely been stock issues with fresh fruit and veg here in North Bristol
Tesco online all delivered no subs required
Went in yesterday and there had been a restock
Red Marconi peppers definitely missing from Borough Market but niche but definitely nowhere to be found.
Tesco in Gloucester pretty much well stocked as usual.
There were gaps, but hard to say why. I was able to buy almost everything for mine & my Mum’s weekly shop, so was for a wide range of items. The biggest single issue is there are far too many people in the store and social distancing has virtually gone out the window!
My north London Asda delivery had barely any stock in. In the end I only ended up with 2 out of 12 items being delivered.
All good in SE London : bit light on the top-shelf French and Italian wines (since Xmas)
I have not been today but did not see any shortages yesterday.
I looked for Chivers English marmalade this morning in a German supermarket, where I discovered that it’s already made in ... Belgium
Not quite Percy Pig level panic...
You can’t buy more then 3 packs of pepper , because of Dover
Lidl and Aldi fully stocked in Inverness. However COOP and Tesco metro had obvious and numerous absences of fruit and veg
All fine here. No apparent gaps or shortages. This still seems to be true of multiple different stores, from local info. (I mention this because a lot of the photos of empty shelves seem to be Sainsbury,  so I'm wondering if particular chains are more exposed than others)
Could well be, just like how in NI and France, M;S had shortages because of the way their supply chains work.
No. Shelves full in Yorkshire. Big thanks to supermarkets and their suppliers!
Is Ipswich even in the lockdown zone?
When I see this, it reminds me that sadly during previous pandemics countries hoarded vaccines & medications - group think unfortunately doesn’t end with toilet paper.
My sister-in-law, her husband and my M-I-L live there, too. They have reported exactly the same: shortage of fruit and veg in supermarkets.
Have noticed over that few weeks (so just prior to new year) that fruit and some veg going off very very quickly. Have binned so much which is rare for us.
Coop. Quite a lot of fruit and some veg slots empty today.
I found that too. And yet it's still in date. Strange.
It seems the hardest impact will be on retailers in Rep of Ireland who warehouse in the UK.Percy pig was a case in point, he's made in Germany, but M;S seem to bring goods into ROI from UK warehouse, so tariffs now appear to apply.
Tesco, West Yorkshire. Quite quiet for a Saturday morning really. Some gaps or limited choices of fresh fruit & veg, but no worse than have seen it in past. Nothing I could not get.
Just been shopping. No issues. Appears there is more produce than last week: pineapple, mango,  fresh veg and fruit
Local (Beckenham) Marks. Pretty much everything available except ice cream for some reason, and some of the dairy stuff was only half full. Story pretty empty for a Saturday morning, even with lockdown considered.
Weirdly, the frozen vegetarian section was completely cleared out when I went out shopping on Wednesday. Shelves looking a little light on the cucumbers/lettuce/tomatoes front today, about half capacity.
Scotland - Online ordering today through Tesco - about 40-45% of my usual shop was "unavailable," which is very unusual for our list / location. Even when panic buying began early 2020 we only saw about 10-15% of our dietary selections out of stock.
A local Tesco Express; a few shortages of some veg items, almost no flowers, about half normal bread display. Some significant gaps in chilled food.Co-op local had similar types of gaps, although not all the same items.
No raspberries and other soft fruits in Tesco Northampton. And too many people not socially distancing   or wearing masks properly.
I work in a supermarket in fresh food and im having no problems so far. All week deliveries have been have been like christmas which is weird cos January is usually quieter. Thought they were bumping stocks up for lockdown
I got everything I needed and didn’t notice any gaps at all.
“Rich countries with only 14% of the world’s population have bought up 53% of the eight most promising vaccines” - People’s Vaccine Alliance (includes Amnesty International, Frontline AIDS, Global Justice Now, and Oxfam).
Just back from sainsburys few gaps but most things available
Nothing unusal
Hi, I’ve been shopping today. Sainsbury’s Leicester. Fresh fruit & veg empty. I went at 11:30 this morning!
Very few Onken yogurts and Kefir - usually loads in my Tesco in NI. Some gaps in frozen section.
Some fresh fruit ; veg but mostly empty :(
I went Thursday night, no plums, only white grapes, yoghurt was a tad more expensive.
Yes...
Just give me the facts, you remind me of Joe Friday
No cans of tomato soup in Tesco yeaterday
Not been able to buy our usual brand of cat food for a while, out of stock in all our local supermarkets. Gourmet Savoury Cake.
Sainsbury's OK this morning. Some shelves sparser than normal but I got everything I wanted for my weekly shop.
Hmm. Looking at this thread seems to be Sainsbury is having problems. I do all my shopping at @sainsburys and local store (London O2) has had little, now no, fresh produce since yesterday. Waitrose  was fine so got what I needed there. Hope they sort it soon.
Presumably IF it's because Sainsburys was worse at stockpiling, we will see the shortages spread.But if other retailers are still managing to get supplies in, that is more indicative of supply chain problems specifically with Sainsburys.
Large Brum Sainsbury’s - many empty shelves, mostly the products we were expecting to be missing - no citrus fruit, salads, cauliflower, broccoli, fresh fruit etc, but also things like *no* cream, standard breads missing.  Worryingly empty freezers as well..stockpiling under way!
Looking through the answers to my thread, it seems Sainsburys fairly consistently has problems, but not so much other retailers. Not yet, anyway.
Sainsbury Aberdeen found shelf's of bottles of olive oils half empty.
In Banbridge NI. Some empty fruit sections but not sure what was missing. Also Tesco's own fresh juice in the refrigerated section was empty. Lots of hand sanitizer 'reduced to clear'.
I don’t know enough about the supply chain to know if it is Brexit caused - but certainly short on bread - some tins an some fruit in my local Tesco
Yep. Easy. Mind you, I live in China.
Shelves overflowing with citrus and green stuff, salad leaves and all manner of good stuff. Oh sorry -I live in Copenhagen!
Not today but on Thursday I tried to do my big tesco shop. There were a lot of empty shelves at around 1pm. I'm in NI so this could be the new normal
Went to local Mace instead of tesco. Had everything I wanted but busier thn I've seen it in months.... (NI)
Click n collect Tesco Lancashire Everything I ordered was available
Not really, Sainsbury’s in Crystalnpalace had well stocked shelves even late in the day.
No lemons.
Fruit and veg in my local coop was a bit thin on the ground.  However with lockdown, it may be people staying in local, rather than go to the big tesco.  I know that's why I went.
Cauliflowers missing. Limited numbers of courgettes, no packaged broccoli but plenty of loose. Loads of peppers. Generally seemed less of everything but no other obvious gaps.
Tesco in Shropshire.
Aldi was mostly good today with a few things missing, but the checkout lady said that they had planned and stockpiled in the warehouses.  Time will tell....
Very straight forward at 7am at local largish Cooperative store. Only basic staff and myself. Stock levels reasonable in most areas.
Popped to the Tesco Extra this evening.  No issues buying the things I wanted: ingredients for tomorrow's sunday roast, loaf of bread, wine.  I did not notice any shortages in other areas.
Are you counting online orders? Asda seem to be running low on apples and lemons.
No.  Large Tesco Redditch. No empty shelves. Plenty of citrus fruit and fresh vege.
Ive just been to coop in whitley bay. Some gaps. Plenty of fruit around, odd gaps in salads, some fresh veg
Totally normal
@TartanTory
Care to send aid packages to the U.K. soon?
I logged into my online Asda account today.Many things in my favourite list where showing as out of stock.Some fruit/veg. Tinned soup/veg, fresh herbs and bacon.Will be interesting in the coming weeks when their stockpiles used up.
Went to @LidlGB. Far from significant, but more empty spaces than I've ever seen besides the panic buying at the start of the pandemic. The more worrying thing was no limit on number of shoppers, no enforcement of hand gel or masks or distancing. It's a battle royale.
Asda seems to be struggling here for bread products, especially own brand. Chilled  meat has been limited for over a week
Tesco: no herbs and aromatics except thyme, parsley, basil and coriander, barely any citrus fruits, imported beers low stocks on shelves, not much beef and lamb.
Shopping in Reading Tesco’s. Only cat food seemed not to be stocked like usual.
Fruit and veg appear to have dropped in quality at our Tesco’s.
All OK at my local Tesco. Few random things out of stock but nothing unusual.
though tbh it's a pretty rubbish marmalade 8)
Northeast coastal: no, not yet.
Aldi in Whitefield, Manchester. No significant gaps.
The health and safety of our customers is always our highest priority, we are closely monitoring the situation and following current advice.  We have existing measures in place to maintain hygiene standards and have taken additional steps to re-communicate these ^SGH
Could not get a knife sharpener delivered but that's it. Had more substitutions last week
No, but too early for any effects of #BrexitShambles to show up at consumer end of retail. We’ll see in next few weeks.
A "I told you so" wet dream for all the remainers to latch onto!!
Absolute Bollox.
Brexit Port chaos? Which Port? MSM have not found port chaos...   have they?
It's what we voted for.
Utter tosh! No issues with my shopping this year and everything in stock! 10 people well know to me who manage/work there and no issues for Sainsbury’s, Aldi, Tesco, Asda or Morrison’s
If there was "chaos" at the ports I guarantee you it would be on every BBC and Sky News bulletin throughout the day....
No shortage of veg in Lincolnshire, BUY BRITISH.
I thought the port issue was down to Europe not allowing trucks back due to COVID19? I thought our fantastic army did a massive job in clearing the COVID19 blockade too! @MailOnline @DailyMailUK seems to have forgotten about that.
Rubbish. Poor reporting but the Mail has drifted left wing, so sadly to be expected.
The only supermarket mentioned in the piece was Tesco who have always been anti Brexit
Media wanting to cause panic buying in order to empty the shelves  & create a news story which they can than manipulate as Brexit chaos because their doom & gloom propaganda has not materialised.
Oh yes? I’ve not noticed! What’s that??
Source from outside the eu or from within the UK - Aldi and Lidl do not seem to have much problem
Its managing director for policy, Rod McKenzie, said: ‘Drivers are being turned back for a variety of reasons, including not having a VALID COVID TEST.One of the so called benefits of #EU membership was a valid covid test now?
Not in my area. Just greed and stupidity
My local Morrison’s is full of UK produce. Are those pics taken at the nightly restock?
Not my supermarket
So they should use British suppliers .
EU punishment will not last, we will source  from elsewhere
Bollocks...was in tesco yesterday full and getting restocked .
Shop at Sainsbury,  there are no shortages there. Tesco must not have the skills to fill in the complicated importation documents that everyone else can.
Not around here ,more fake news
Fake news
Utter shite  all the supermarkets near me are full and I live in the middle of nowhere
Apparently one of the reasons behind this is that many staff in food packaging plants are off sick and/or shielding from COVID-19.
This is fake news. Simple. Not seen an empty shelf anywhere yet. Not one.
Bull!!! Supermarket shelves are rammed with fruit and veg. This is just a #DailyFail fairy tail
Yet in the article it blames food production slowdown on staff self isolating and shielding due to Covid-19
Rubbish
Empty shelves in @M&S Dublin apparently (video of empty shelves on Twitter this week). Also gaps on @Tesco shelves. Ready made meals very scarce. Lidl well stocked. Search 'supply chain' in Twitter for info. Also @RosslareHbr for increase in Ireland/Europe direct shipping
I do not know where brexithome shop, but I have seen no shortages anywhere.
Am I being cynical in thinking that this is exactly the kind of situation that papers like the Mail love: it allows for sensational news coverage.If Brexit had not happened, they would have had to use headlines like "Supermarket shelves stocked as normal".
Yes. And they will sell millions of papers off the back of the shortages, the riots and the cannibalism too.
Absolute cack as expected from that shite newspaper no wonder no one buys them now
Buy British!
Bullshit
Spain hit by Blizzards & Arctic conditions , ring any bells ? thought not .
Should have gone to Iceland Foods. Every delivery has been available.
One bit of good news, though...Judging by the tone of the comments to this piece, we'll only be competing for food with 48% of the population.
The huge headline in sharp contrast to the political point scoring in the last message in the article, from Starmer, that "people will expect us to make it work"
Lol. A problem and its solution in one link.1. Problem: 'Bowels - how to empty them'2. Solution: Brexit red tape
"Brexit" is the temporary go-to excuse for people and companies who mess up and do not do their job properly.It'll be some other reason after this. Never their fault.
Thanks DM. Watch the panic buying begin!
Absolute lies. It was stated on the news yesterday the shortages were due to Covid shielding and sickness from the workers and nothing to do with BREXIT.
I read that earlier and the comments are full of people calling the DM a "bitter lefty remainer rag"
Daily mail..DID not blame EU ???
No apology anywhere in the article Femi? ( 'Happy' new year by the way! )
Surely you're having a tin bath, sir?
Shock. Not.Labour walked into the obvious trap by giving the green flag to the 'deal'. They now own this as much as the Tory party.
All the proof you need to show their narrative is tailored to selling papers and ad space, through fear and hate.
Do not you have a proper job?
Labour are always going to lose the culture wars if they continue to take part in the culture war games.
Class cheek that.
What about you, are you getting it yet? Do you note total lack of MSM attacks against Starmer, from day 1, this is very mild from DM? Understand yet how much Corbyn would have done to change balance of power in UK & that's why he was smeared, with you joining in?
Starmer is clearly playing the long game. Hedging his bets that Brexit will go pear-shaped so he can pivot and say, 'I was forced to support this on democratic grounds but it was not of my creation and the circumstances have now changed'.
Just you keep reading the daily mail and express, son.
This is also a government that does not- if I recall their comments- belive it has a duty to ensure its citizens have food.
It’s not up to Keir Starmer it’s up to the voters (many of whom read the Daily Mail). THEY have to realise Brexit is bad. THEY have to ask for change. THEY (or near 40% of them) should no longer give Boris Johnson support in the Opinion Polls.
Too true. All Starmer and Labour do is normalise and give them cover. Like the BBC, from Day #1
Nope. It was an option between this deal and no deal. No unicorn deal was available...
I read about Starmer's comments in the Guardian just a few minutes ago. The one about essentially acquiescing to Brexit. Well, he's lost me now. Anyone with a bit of fire in the belly who wants to take on them both will have my vote (except snake oil salesmen like Farage).
If you knew the first thing about shipping and the supply chain you’d know that shortages are due to covid at the moment.  I work in the distribution industry and can tell you and brexit effects are yet to kick in.
It all depends on whether they are trying to convince us that a Labour government in power since, even December 2019, would have pretended so p*ss poorly to negotiate before having to accept a right good kicking of a deal. I doubt even Corbyn would've been that shit really.
But he was smeared and he lost. You have to play the cards you’re dealt if you ever want to win.
Their blame now has to be local and that's where Labour becomes the victim. They ca not blame the EU for the deal they felt is good for the UK and accepted. #TipOfTheIceberg. #FoodShortages.
I'm really sorry, I'm about as remain as possible but the FBPE or Corbyn crowd really should not be offering election advice to anyone.
I know!! I was amazed not to see an anti EU headline
He just made a speech where he emphasised decisiveness over dither & delay. I think he is focusing on the long term gains not just short term gains which we know leads to populism.
Here in the US that would have been “Hillary would have been worse.”
That's been the argument consistently presented by Tories to me and generally - 'yeah but imagine if Labour was in charge'..
That first image of empty shelves would have gone great with a pic of Patel saying let's cause an artificial food shortage in Ireland!
The right wing media and commentators will blame him though.  That’s what influences voters.
A few stores Femi and tha Mail makes that clear. You are being naughty again! There are no shortages in any of the shops we use here and that includes Tesco.
Isn’t Starmer still behind on the polls during this shitshow?
Strange in that everyone I know has not seen any shortages in the supermarkets....would not be like the press to make stories now would it?
Things are so bad you make more money now selling home grown carrots than weed
No shit
How are we able to determine the difference between Brexit and Covid delays for food shortages? Genuine question
"Project Avoid Angry Readership Backlash"
And if starmer had said anything against Brexit do you reckon the mail or other far right rags would write such stories? No is the answer. The bad news has to come from the Tories and all that support them
Something like this perhaps?
Spot on. I hate to say that but the Daily Mail is right to say that Labour wouldn’t do any better. With the actual non-Leadership....
ive seen none in any of the supermarkets I have been to.
It’s going to be a shit show for sure. If we weren’t on lockdown I think the problems would be hitting faster and harder as places that use a lot of foreign produce ie hotels, restaurants etc are closed and not ordering. I’m a chef In a hotel and our invoices are £4000 pw norm
That's a good point. One of the two main supply chains has been emptied by lockdown.
All fresh food available in my area ........ all baloney !
It’s the latest in a load of articles they’ve done starting to distance themselves from brexit. We knew it would happen but I didn’t think it would be this quick. In 6 months they’ll be moaning about the brexit elites who lied to the country for years
I lied my neighbour had an apple tree but obviously it overhanging our garden and they never used to keep them but throw them in mine so we used to eat them
Of course.
First rule of client journalism, it’s never, ever the Tories’ fault.
It could be that loose that has to be broken up
Daily Mail still passing the buck
Always.
Seems like a self answering question.
You really should stay there
Oh goodness, stay there. I came back from Greece in December and wish I had been able to stay there
SAVE YOURSELF
Stay there
Stay if you can!!
Stay
Advice: DON’T
Stay there!
Unless you have an absolute need to come to the UK, I'd advise you to stay in France.
Do you like turnips?
Most definitely stay put!
We’ll be starving so fatten yerself up so we can eat you!
Foods the least of our problems. Stay where you are
Difficult to say. The whole Johnson government is out to lunch.
I believe this fits the definition of irony.
There will be food but not in the variety we are all used to. More turnips anyone?
Why would you plan to return? The fact that you even have to ask that question answers your question
@Keir_Starmer
Mate your running the opposite direction to the rats
Stay where you are!! #BrexitReality #BrexitLies #EasiestDealInHistory
Do not come back. We stayed here planning to get back to Italy to avoid brexit, even with italian residency, we're stranded on plague island (we could go but need neg test & then 14 days isolation in italy). Stay as far away for as long as you can.
I advise you not to. Stay where you are, you're better off.
In the words of a famous tennis player: "You cannot be serious!"
If I were lucky enough to have got out of here, I would not be returning.
You must be mad. Stay put.
Here's food comes from there. Might as well stay there.
I'd stay put, mate.
I'd stay in France.
By food there will be .. the daily "hunt" ... Where they release fifty of the lowest paid or jobless to run for it and go after them it's good fun apparently. .
Do not come to the UK
I'd stay
Stilton and pork pies. You’ll be fine
Not where I live.Starting to think there is just one shop that is always photographed.
Stay there. We do not need you here.
Depends on how much you like a diet of winter root vegetables, I suspect.
Stay in France
Stay where you are
Thats not what it says at all.. well not the pics you have shown.. I do not read the mail so ca not check
Plenty of fish, it might be s bit high by then!
Stay there, expect visitors. Unless you can start up a fruit smuggling enterprise? Crates of mixed herbs disguised as cocaine cos that seems to get in ok
We can save you a loaf or two so you won’t starve.
Stay there drink wine eat cheese
Only fish and turnips
Stay put...
Don’t
Well, we have lots of rotting fish, pesticide covered crops and are about to start altering the genes on our farm animals (Oxford Farming Conference), so it's up to you ...
Fruit & veg restrictions? Products that we not only have the capacity to grow ... but do grow ... AND have been forced to send them FROM Britain across to Rotterdam b4 they come back in again via Calais Madness we can soon see Brexit preventing #CrapEUarrangements
Dear lord. Business as usual then.
Not only come back but let’s house swap.
Why are you coming back? I would stay there!!
There’s food  ...will you have been vaccinated? My sister hasn’t returned to France, her main home, yet.
Ssssttttoooppppp, stay there!
Swedes, turnips and carrots.
Stay there definitely
Dude they suckered you about Corbyn. Are *you* getting it now?
Stay put, and not just because of food/quality of life issues. Unless you like Brexit in all its glory, of course.
Stay - for your own sake stay put.
Can we add rickets and scurvy to the brexit benefits list.
Will you get a huge removal truck? Because we need fruits and vegetables.... Planning to make the opposite move..  we can exchange places then
Why would you return ?Genuine question by the way ...
There is no chaos at Dover or Channel Tunnel
Stay there and start a smuggling ring specialising in Brie and courgettes...you will clean up
If you come back you'll get a diet of potato and cabbage, that's if we have anyone to harvest them
Stay there.
I’d stay put ...for a number of reasons
I think your first job is to find out if you’ll be allowed in! Second question, how much do you like cheddar? Spam? Sunblest? The Austin Allegro?
Stay where you are. Seriously, just stay where you are.
Stay where you are is my advice.
Do not do it paulie. Stay in France. This place has gone mental in the mind.
I'd stay there if I could...
Stay right there I reckon
I would stay in France
Better stay there
Morrisons is full of food. 2/3s is British, all meat is British.Time to look at changing your supermarket if they did not prepare for Brexit. That is negligent.
Do you have to count your days or do you live there permanently?
Yea mate, there is no food on the shelves, people are hiding in bunkers, the land is barren and radioactive and only epic level half-naked heroes with giant guns dare to roam it.
I’d stay there. The awfulness in the U.K. is growing exponentially- just like t virus.
Do not do it, this place is full on loonyland
FFS stay , there's nothing here, for your sanity and safety
For the love of God, why?
Steir Karmer ai not getting sh!t!
No stay there we are all starving here not a pea in site.
You need to see a doctor first, to ascertain why you’d want to do such a thing in the first place! Stay there and enjoy your freedom!
Stay there, we've got enough moaners here already
Stay there mate.We don’t really need anymore EU flag shaggers
Scaremongering again
Daily Mail treats British public as if people had goldfish memory.
Definitely stay here. Plentiful food. Much lower Covid numbers... and fewer idiots. Plus decent weather, super cheap property, lovely places to visit. And the rest of Europe to explore... when it’s safe.
I've made a sovereignty pie you welcome to. Low calorie, nothing in it except empty promises
Stay there, it's really shit here and getting worse by the hour. Boris is making a complete balls up of everything. Plus weather is generally a lot pleasanter in France.
BUY BRITISH, there's plenty of British veg on the shelves and we get a lot of fruits from other countries OUTSIDE the EU sod them,
Bring a boot load with u, twill be worth a fortune come April, the natives will be like the Walking Dead by then.
The article is quite clear to be fair. It's not the fault of Brexit itself. It's all down to the pesky "Brexit red tape".
why would you want to do that?
Has anyone taken the time to see what food is rotting in the EU waiting to come to the UK.
Theres nothing...no food,  water or fuel...we have resorted to eating our pets. Stay where you are...become a French citizen.
Morrison’s stock was a joy to behold. The amount of fresh produce from outside the EU is fantastic. Zimbabwean blueberries anyone  Who knew?
Oh yeah? Not in the same day I hope
You could come over and see what turn ips
Stay there..
You could bring some cheese Just do not expect to take said cheese back to France
You'll find stuff that you can eat, that has vitamins, proteins, carbohydrates, mostly fat...Food, I'm not so sure.But... has not that been the case for centuries?
Waitrose still has 6 varieties of French Brie on its shelves. Middle class starvation is rife. Stay there.
Rejoiner,  eu club flag in bio.Yeah, stay there.
Not a morsel  Stay long-term.. running water and clothes are in doubt too pal..
There's nothing in the supermarkets, dead in the streets and Kier Starmer's got a dodgy knee - keep away
Head to China ...
Assumption in tweet is that people didn’t get it before. Many do & have Q. is about how we enable ourselves without having effective representation & the interest of citizens at the heart of Gov with a disempowered parliament? The agenda needs to move on to enable people to act.
Get a large trailer or van, see if you can smuggle food into the UK - make plenty of sandwiches for the journey as it will take a few days to get over the channel.Once here, try and avoid drawing attention to yourself, you may have to defend your food supply......
Even if it was the case, which its not, lets buy seasonal and support our farms first
So what's your point? We are stuck with this bloody government for another 4 years. Keir Starmer banging on about Brexit wo not change anything but a taste of life on the outside and experience of the downsides will soon turn the public against the government & Brexit
Food wise I think it always better to stay in France...
At this rate we are going to have to steal those nut stashes those squirrels have put by for winter
should still be leftover turkey
Even if there's food left, why on earth would not you stay in France if you could? I've never wanted to leave the UK so badly.
Yup agree with Pat stay there
Stay where u r if I was u that’s if u have residency no point in losing ur right to move freely
Spam was a war time food ... I am 74 come from a poor East End working class family and never in my life have I ever had Spam .... we always gave food the priority .....my mother would never have served such
Finding quite a lot of edible food at the local butchers, grocers and Waitrose... oh and market finshmongers.  You need yo get out more
Supermarkets did not source local fruit and veg suppliers
Why on earth are you doing that?!
There’s food but no sanity. Stay in France
Don’t worry if you think hard enough it will come to you. This is what it looks like if you are better at pictures than words.
Our meats and cheeses are better, apples and berries are world beating, excellent bread, from non EU countries; you should be OK.
Not noticed a problem, was in my local supermarket this morning, shelves full, got everything I required
But if the show are empty, why are they full of shoppers @MailOnline? Shoppers are seen maskless in supermarkets - as staff call for help
Good job I don’t eat fruit or veg
How strange...all 5 supermarkets in my town have had absolutely no issue with fresh food stock...strange
Not even got to 31st January man - give it time.Rejoining as of now is off the table, but if a significant amount of Brexiters change their mind when faced with reality, as some are already doing, there could easily be a legitimate call to rejoin.
If Keir sat there saying we're going to rejoin right away, he could push the people needed to have a legitimate mandate for rejoining further away from realising Brexit is a shite idea. :PWould have been better if Andrew did not ask such a divisive question, but tbf it's his job
Hard to say. If I were you I would stay where you are. What is there to come to the UK for?
This is bullshi!. All the supermarkets by me have not been affected at all.
Stay where you are and oh, btw, are you rubbing it in for the rest of us?
I know our local supermarket run out of Truffel Slices after I brought the last 10 jars
Femi, I am not a prophet but I saw this way back in 2016, now they will try and find away to blame the EU
I really am worried for everyone in the UK right now, avoidable and unnecessary.
Brexit
I wanted a cucumber!I'll live.
Also, due to #Brexit I had to visit three Supermarkets rather than my usual one, searching for foods I would normally buy and not now universally available. Fresh fruits were in very short supply. If others had to do the same, risks to #Covid19 greater. Action please @KeirStarmer
The government will blame the elite customers.
You do know that Johnson’s father and many other brexiters seem to be fleeing the uk as well. So whilst patriotic remainers will have to knuckle down and ensure those that dragged our country into this downward spiral are exposed , you can avoid the chaos. Please send cheese x
Blue passports though. Sack it, who needs food? We’re on an island with Jacob Rees-Mogg & Nigel Farage. My life is complete(ly shit)
End of transition. Covid has limited impact on supplies.
Getting your 5 a day is a lot less healthy since buying it became a fight to the death
I would hazard a guess that is the sunlit uplands in play.....
Stay there.. the CONServatives are bleeding public coffers dry, the NHS is all but done for, normal ppl are burning down 5G masts because they think masts transmit covid,  some ppl call covid "a hoax" and refuse to wear masks..
During the last COVID lockdown last spring, there was plenty of fresh produce. I think it’s down to Brexit.
It's basically total and utter shit and with Brexit were trapped in plague island as some borders are closed to UK.. oh and forgot to mention, one of the new covid strains is from here.. British/Kent strain.. not worth the plane/train ticket right now
Weird one that , my local Aldi in trafford is chocca full of fresh produce !
Typically Remoaner attitude, dearie.We should be licking those shelves for free.Sunlit uplands await.
Busy growing it in the new sovereign state. Not ready yet. 20 million bananas, 100 tonnes of coconuts ready in February. The best of the best to come. Not got Egyptian spuds , stuck at Calais. BRexit keeps on giving.
That’ll be that there sovereignty at work.
Somebody forgot the send button
We have blue passport,sovereignty and fish too ...screw the rest ...we hold all the cards .
Matthew Getz
Yeah and bendy too.
Fresh food from EU = BrexitSupplies from international container shipping = F'ked by Covid
Brexit.  If Covid we'd have seen the same thing in spring, and we did not, despite much more panic buying than now.
What's your point? Starmer's 4yrs away from potentially being PM. We've had 4 1/2 yrs of getting to this point. It's a shit place to be but if he picks up the rejoin baton now they'll crucify him. Labour ca not afford to be seen as a one policy party. Anyway there's a pandemic on.
The EU are that short of food they are stealing butties off lorry drivers.
Nothing boosts your immune system in the middle of a respiratory pandemic like the sight of bare fruit&veg shelves.
Meanwhile the Express claims Grant Shapps would have a stern word with France accused of causing problems at the border, problems that could be bad for France since "France sells more to the UK than the reverse"
@johnredwood will probably suggest bringing seeds. He thinks you should grow your own... 'Dig For Britain' is a Brexit benefit. Apparently.
Mother Hubbard in charge of Brexit food supply
Unless excess *demand* panic buying not covid (as last year)...purely stangled *supply* chain now no more customs free, free movement of goods. EU hauliers do not fancy it with UK not having the customs/regulatory capacity (faciities/IT/experience) for life outside the CU/SM
I’d like to see a video of the whole aisle and all the starving people queuing.
They've stumbled across something there. Who could have seen that coming?
A better test is whether it looks like that at 9amNot hard to find bare shelves at any supermarket by the end of the day especially if they are picking online orders there as wellThat said, it does look pretty USSR ca1980 in there...
it's not covid
Well for context France has an endless second Covid wave and all our supermarkets are full.
....when do you think the civil unrest will start?
Brexit.
Do not come back.
Nah, I suspect Tories“I know let’s starve ‘em into submission”
Feb: had covid and no brexit = foodNow: COVID and brexit = no foodNot difficult.
For the good of everyone.... stay there
Qu'ils mangent de la brioche
Snow in Spain, lack of workers in the supply chain and of course brexit is providing the perfect storm for this.
What's the reason for the lack of unseasonal fresh produce?We took back control, this is what control looks like
Aldi’s replen model doesn’t really allow for empty shelves. I mean no grocer really wants to see empty shelves, but Aldi particularly.Three possibilities:-Short staffed (Covid related?)-Panic buying (Covid or Brexit related?)-Lack of delivery (Covid or Brexit related?)
If you believe Michael Gove, "bumps in the road" but the reality is Brexit.
Cheek!
Brexit bonus? Sunlit uplands? Cake and eat it?
Definitely stay there...there’s no food whatsoever. I go to work and we’re all just sat around the supermarket floor singing Kumbaya, My Lord and starting campfires whilst we wait for the lorries to arrive with goods... which never arrive. Sad times.
Wasn’t there food and toilet roll shortage during the first lockdown when a load of morons went out panic buying? Is it not the case now and as for staff shortages - maybe they’re ill?? Last time I checked there was a second wave of a deadly virus doing the rounds.
Why return if you love the EU
Have a word with the Manager or shift lead. Seems the easiest way to answer the riddle.
Just don’t try and smuggle in any ham sandwiches
There's loads of food.Doubt you'll notice though. I did notice the Wholemeal bread. And according to the EU France will only have 2 vaccine jabs for the population. Germany have kept the rest.
You stay there love ,they deserve you
It's a #Brexit bonus
Wonder is @Nigel_Farage is still getting expressions of relief, joy and thanks from supermarket shoppers when they see what Brexit has given them#EmptyShelves
Brexit.The idiots who stripped the shelves due to Covid were more worried about bog roll and eggs. I don’t imagine they know what to do with a vegetable.
Time for a new pro europe movement
Must be all returning to get the jab......seen as the EU have fcked it up!!
Belgium too
Tories
As there is no shortage whatsoever in Germany I presume it's Brexit.
I remember going into a Tesco late March when it was real panic buying mode, I mean stupid behaviour, no tins, no beer, no toilet rolls etc but it struck me at the time there was still loads of veg, I think this is supply
It's that bad here we have no food  We do not even have any soil to grow food in  Can you bring some soil with you.
Never come back please.
Not Covid, or they'd have been empty before.
The reason is #boristheclown
What do you think . Where does Aldi’s produce come from ?? Obvious isn’t it ?... was always going to happen . Lidl will be the same . Totally Brexit
I tend to agree but in Sainsbury’s case I think there trying to play politics
Agreed, most ingredients can be replaced with sovereignty to be fair.
I do not think you need to ask that.
Well I heard there are some ham sandwiches that were binned. Probably be quite a haul by then you could drag in. If I don’t get ti first for my dogs.
Same here. Shelves emptied, choice more limited.
I live in Portugal. We have Covid too. But our supermarkets are full.
Yep, even stupid people don’t stockpile fresh veg.
Saw no empty shelves in Tesco Shrewsbury this evening. Oranges and grapes low but not empty. Toilet rolls a bit denuded but still plenty.
Remember Johnson's triumphal address two weeks ago?
Johnson’s father was a remainer as was Johnson’s sister
Those shelves are absolutely stuffed with sovereignty!
Supermarkets stop buying foreign fresh produce. Buy British. We have plenty of carrots, yet you buy them from Spain! Mad.
I bet there was a shit load of chop saws in the middle aisle though. Swings and roundabouts.
No, stay. Take up residency. Do not come back at all. Ever.
You made your bed, now lie in it.
Nothing to do with Covid. BREXIT #BrexitDisaster
#borishasfailedtheuk  #BrexitDisaster  #BrexitLies
It is literally a DM story drawing a line between shortages and Brexit. Plus, Femi is not even making a point about Brexit. He is making a point about what the DM is reporting.Maybe you should be less defensive when you see stories that may appear to be critical of Brexit.
Welcome to Brexit Britain. All the fresh produce is rotting in queues or being turned back because of incorrect paperwork.
Some stores have stocked up, but produce is perishable and wo not last long.
Why come back? If France is so great, stay there.Come back when you've grown up.
Covid for sure. Brexit was planned so that goods from Johnny foreigner would not be on the shelves and one more reason everyone to stay indoors and not spread the virus. And lets be honest, we could all do with losing a bit of Xmas excess. Win win.
There’s no empty shelves in the Netherlands, Covid in abundance, so take a wild guess
Come via a dingy and you’ll have everything you want... for free too
What are you talking about Justin? Ca not you see that they've replaced the fruit and vegetables with sovereignty.
The root cause... Tory voters and a 80 seat majority.Going back a bit further... Cameron.
Brexit in that businesses were not given enough time to prepare for Brexit's new rules. So another government failure.
Brexit. I live in Spain. We are in lockdown and our supermarkets and groceries are full.
Mate, they confiscate your meat at the border.  Stay in France and save your Saucisson
Sunlit uplands and trucks stuck in Dover/Calais. Thanks @Nigel_Farage et al. Well done.
Brexit. 100%.
Covid.So say 100% of Brexiteers.
Why TF would you bother coming here??? Stay there!
Other European countries don’t seem to have this problem.  At least my friends from France, Spain, Germany and Denmark are saying supply is normal.  Anybody else heard anything?
Fair bit of green stuff left. Perhaps salad is unknown up there.
Folk do seem to forget that supermarket shelves were often bare pre-Covid and Brexshit. I myself had a particular talent for turning up at these times.
No issues at my local Lidl this afternoon, plenty of fresh produce, tins, chilled foods, frozen foods, gin, etc on offer, and not too busy either.
Same in my local @LidlGB any idea why?
My Aldi today in the NE of England was fully stocked in this aisle.
Going back a bit further...Farrage.
No problems in Holland either! Everything full...
Definitely Brexit as this is a problem unique to the uk. All across the EU supermarkets are fully stocked.
Brexit we have managed for months with Covid19
Never shop at that time.  Beginners mistake.
You're welcome Paulie, but why would you DO that?
Frozen veg section of my local Sainsbury's looked much the same at 2pm on Monday. Fresh was low of lots of products. Panic buying because of Ocardo's news?
Best stay there if your that thick
Stay!
It's not Covid, our supermarkets in France are full.
Looking at your profile.. stay there.
Better to stay there as we do not have any food left, ask any starving to death EUmoaners.
Or here in Dorset
Piittyyou will miss the   annual Paris  8 day riots
Did they have fresh fruit and veg last month?Did we have a pandemic last month?Were we still in the EU (technically) last month?There’s your answer.
Here we are just 12 days after the end of the transitional period and predictably remoaners are already squealing like pigs on a stick at every little glitch and teething problem.
Lot’s of angry brexitists all over this thread, get over it, you won remember.
Well, Covid has not affected supply until now, so....#brexshit
Most likely, it's #BrexitBenefit
Brexit Bonus only
Stay where you are. All the rats have already been eaten and I might have to start on my own children.
Stay where you are.... we will have turned into a nation of cannibals by then.............
Please stay there. Thanks
@toryboypierce @LordAshcroft @michaelgove Morning guys, are these bumps in the road?Is it project fear?We were promised exact same benefits.Were we lied to?I have not seen a benefit yet.Shall we eat our sovrrinty instead?
Come home, you'll be just in time for our seasonal world beating bananas, pineapple, mango and water melon. Taking our country back......to 1953..
Ca not be covid. Shops in the EU have plenty of fresh food.
It’s dreadful I cut off my husbands left leg .. I’m slow cooking it with foraged vegetables later
The Emperor’s new supplies?
Bring some with you and we'll give you your Jab as payment
No they’re not - whatever credibility you had has gone
Just ...this horrendous government
Thread gone completely blocktastic.
Lol. Try and sneak some food in, we’re famished!
Can only hope this is a nudge towards shopping for in-season local produce . ...tho wo not lie I am running out of ways to serve up cabbage and swede !
Welcome to mother Russia Brexit 2021 comrade .
Brexit but conveniently being blamed on covid by government
Not in my Supermarket.
Absolutely jealous.
Probably stuck at the company headquarters?
Stay in France.
I’d go to somewhere like Afghanistan where they are treating the virus for what it is@and carrying on as normal. They have more freedom than us now
Tell everyone around you to stay there, we do not need any more freeloaders......
Not where I live
That is an absolute lie #FakeNews no issues with shopping at all even though there is a #lockdown
Nope. No food here. And we've all got Super Gonorrhoea too.Stay in France.
Im the main shopper in my house ; unless you go in after 5pm, you might not get one or two items only because they never re-stock until the next day Complete fabrication to justify ; perpetuate the cult of EU I always #buybritish produce first
Cobblers
Stay there we don’t want any trouble makers
Brexit. No such shortages in the EU.
Why would you want to come back when the #EU is the best thing since sliced bread according to flag next to your name?
Stay where u are, it’s a shit show here!
No strawberries in January, how will I cope?
Stay there there will be food rationing very soon & sea convoys will be ferrying in food & dodging submarines & mines -oh sorry that was the 2nd world war -don’t know what the woke media has been feeding you but this is the Uk  retaining its sovereignty & not relying on a cabal
Hungry Mancunians?
Why are you returning? Do not you read the newspapers ?
We have a lot of unwell people here, though. In London it’s 1 in 30 and essential workers tend to get it.
Depends, if you are a negative navel gazing remoaner, who cannot move with the times, stay there. If you are looking forward to the future, and wish to contribute to the UK, return.I think it is obvious which you are.
You need to ask? Stay in France hon. If lack of food do not kill you prematurely something else will. IMHO it seems the UK is under some sort of population control regime and has been for a long time. For the first time in my life I wish I was living in a different country.
No please stay there
Boris Johnson
Lots of cake in France, better to stay put.
Shush, we don’t want him back
Stay where you are, it's a living hell here at the moment. I ca not say too much because we are being watched, but suffice to say, i dug out my wax jacket & wellies and went to waitrose, only to find out they had run out of quinoa & avocado's! What's next? No one to serve in pret?
Reason 3: it’s Aldi. My local one regularly runs out of various produce by teatime
Fucking Brexit of course
Yes this is totally normal. Nothing to see here.....
Bludy Hell, we was looking forward to a nice meel of Sovrinty and Too Veg innit. Nah theirs no veg left...
Oh my god - stay there.Do it for the rest of us!
There will be plenty of UK produced food but nonetheless please stay in France.One thing we're not short of is idiots.
Stay there. We don’t want your kind over here.
What’s up. Terrified of a German invasion? They own the EU now don’t they?
Haha, could not have put it better myself.
Remember when #Dominicraab promised there would be “adequate” food!
Tories.
Strongly advise staying put. We have no food, (Waitrose is out of champagne and truffles) down to last loo roll and am buying the Guardian to use instead...yes it’s that bad. Oh and would you believe it, the Govt is daring to vax only 2 million per week. It’s 3rd world here.
Nope nothing left here all the shelves are empty wish I lived in France well for the next 5 years at most cos after that there wo not be any fish left in their shops
Do mean like the 'adequate' food that is being supplied to some school kids? #FreeSchoolMeals @MarcusRashford
We have no shortages here.
Please stay there. Pretty please. I’d say cherry on top but obviously with all these bare shelves there are no cherries.
You’ll be fine to come over, the vote leave government will have rolled out their ‘magic beans means beans’ programme by then, the country will be resplendent in a forest of magic beanstalks heavy with pods of fat juicy beans and you can have as much British fish as you can eat!
Oh please, Aldi is always like that by the evening, show me a picture of it at opening time like this, and no I'm not happy that we've left the EU.
Same in our local co op
If you have an option stay in France. Far better than this shitty little gammon infested rock
Fake news!
I would prefer it if you stayed there personally
They'll be food.But as you a remoaner i'm amazed you want to leave the EU personally.
Absolutely I mean we are going to run out of tap water right?
My supermarkets all have food what is this bollocks
Food not the problem speaking out is
Probably Sainsbury's, rubbish buyer's
Budding cannabis growers with your lofts and hydrophonic lights... Why not diversify into bananas and other fruits?
From what I see, British food is in very great demand but supermarkets are not keeping up with the demand preferring to push unwanted produce from E.U. countries. That results, for example in shelves overflowing with French cheese while British cheese is in short supply.
You should see the shelves in Northern Ireland supermarket stores at the minute , even worse , hardly any frozen food items either , Tesco shelves were so bare when I was in itcwas worse than when covid first happened , all down to Brexit
Stay there we dont want wet melts in the country
Imagine Mad Max 3. Well that's a prequel to the UK at the moment.
The article goes on about difficulty of lorries getting to Europe & yet equate that with empty shelves in our supermarkets. Doesn’t make sense
you just stay there pal et bon chance
Don’t bother Paulie. The supermarkets shelves are bare and marauding mobs are ransacking neighbourhoods in search of food.
Or possibly it might be because of the pandemic????
Why you coming back EU not good enough
Do us all a favour and stay there.
This simply isn’t true.
Well, well, well! Tory sentiment is shifting in Mid Hampshire. My friend Jenny has just phoned. Great indignation that Sainsbury’s have substituted her white Andrex for ORANGE!“Chrissie - I’m beginning to believe all that you said about Brexit”.#ToryBritain #BrexitShortages
This is bollox.I know a director of a wholesale food supply company.All our fruit & veg is home grown. Except strawberrys & Citrus fruit.Mostly grown in Lincolnshire.
Row across by dingy!They’ll put you in a four star hotel & treat you like a lord!
Stop telling lies to cause panic buying Just got back from my local supermarket and the fruit and veg shelves are loaded
seen this most days at the local tesco.. for the past 20 years, cant blame either for this.
There’s plenty here mate there is no shortages whatsoever
Brexit it was OK in March covid lockdown
i work as a hgv driver since going back to work last Monday i have noticed 90% plus less non UK plated trucks .no increase in uk plated trucks ! motorway services not a  1/4 fullmaybe spending Christmas with no proper food drinks and services backfired !
Does that mean you have booked your place on a dinghy?
"This is a local shop for local people, we want no trouble here."
My friend is Manager @ our local Aldi, he told me when I was shopping in there last night, the effects of Brexit have begun to show. Supply issues are slowly growing.......#BrexitDisaster
Odd that the new CEO of Sainsbury's used to work for the Guardian and is a remainer
"Shortages in Tescos" it saysThe photo is of a Sainsbury's (you can see their orange isle signs)
I see that, in the spirit of Titanic, the icebergs are still there!
Paulie paulie paulie, what a immature silly question. I would stay in France as we are all starving to death in UK.
Although I think Brexit was a stupid idea, there's nowhere near the food shortages that I'm seeing online, atleast in Nottingham anyway!  There's a few things missing, which could be down to brexit or covid, but you certainly wo not be going hungry!
Dont bother, we have enough wokeys here already thanks!
Yourself included, evidently.
Utter rubbish. What has happened to the @DailyMailUK
Where do you place Nigel Lawson in that tirade? I am curious. Any thoughts on Lord Dyson?
All depends on your mode of transport, come in a dinghy and the foods free......just saying!
Ppl buy to much not leaving for other ppl greedy
You’ll need to row across as the planes all fell out of the sky and our ferries sank. (The tunnel flooded, but for some reason only our half?)Added bonus for rowing across is that you get a nice hotel and first shout at what food there is.
Yet another health tourist
Rubbish, no problem in any supermarkets near me. I suspect that all those photos are from the panic buying period many months back which is borne out by the empty toilet paper shelves. Toilet paper is made in the UK and there is not a shortage.
Probably panic buying is a part as well I went to aldi Saturday evening and it was obvious people were panic buying again its ridiculous as the ones panic buying fresh veg will be binning them before they get to eat them ffs
Did my big shop this morning and there was loads of stuff!!So is this picture a set up?
This so not true. Where is this then? My Tesco, lldl, Morrisons & Coop are very well stocked as are the locals food stores. Just stop with the scaremongering. Totally out of order the public have enough to deal with without this crap.
I work for Morrisons manufacturing and our orders were massive last week so there is a temporary covid panic buy. Probably going to be quiet when I go back in.
Some is Covid, some is Brexit, but some are yearly supplier holidays designed to coincide with traditionally low sales between January and March.
Brexit - shelves weren’t that bad first lockdown
What do you think? You can’t rely on the French for anything. We are tickety boo here.
Yh but i mean would he better better off stay in the UK as a remoaner?
Most supermarket shelves take out the old stock, clean the empty shelves, and then replenish with the new fresh stock.  Did your "reporter" even ask the store what the position was before splurging their particular view the world?  No, thought not!
And blocked what a surprise
Errrmmm  then...... go?
You can rule out poor schoolchildren for a start.
Brexit!!
My local Asda is full
Please stay .
It depends if you want to buy British and support your country, if not, stay where you are
Brexit.. At the height of the pandemic our shelves and stockroom were overflowing. The last few weeks we have had empty shelves and stockroom.
Anyone for lettuce?
Brexit. Supplies were fine up until the end of December.
The Dutch are so short on food they have to nick an English drivers ham sandwich.
tragic...if only we’d realised that in 2016...placing the Andrex question on the ballot might have swung it.
Stay there !
We are seeing it in Ireland too..its brexit
No shortages at all in my local supermarkets  since 1st  Jan.  Someone is desperate to create issues methinks...
Not seeing any evidence of that to be honest Paul, few empty shelves sunday in Aldi that were subject to the afternoon restock, tesco bursting at the seams yesterday and day before, Dunnes ; Lidl fine too, M$S however...
“British cheese” . You guys, really!
Seeds? Phytosanitary compliance...
UK farmers not prepared enough. How many fields do you see with just grass in them?
Plenty of good British food here
All shops in Blackpool fully stocked, my advice is go to a UK stocked shop
They prob waited till end of day then took pic, in fact prob someone who works there
I've seen videos of shortages in French supermarkets...
Give us the exact date and area and we will make sure the shelves are empty so you can say ‘told you so’!  ever helpful!
You managed to find vegetables? The best I could forage was a toadstool which I had to fight off someone that was trying to steal it from me till I hit him over the head with a branch
Most supermarket shelves take out the old stock, clean the empty shelves, and then replenish with the new fresh stock.  Did your "reporter" even ask the store what position was before splurging their particular view the world? No, thought not! Look behind shopper's left shoulder?
Perhaps not the best attempt at irony, if that’s what it was - people are still very angry at how the elite tried to steal a democratic win. Cheating isn’t something we’re ready to laugh about I’m afraid.
Stop spreading lies
There is no food. Stay in the EU where everything is rosey.There you can keep flying your EU flag.
I'd stay there mate. There's no food in the shops. Literally thousands are dying from Covid-19 each day (will help the food situation) The electricity is cut off at 17.00. Gangs of zombies are roaming the streets. And illegal immigrants have taken over London. Stay in France.
They're trying to break our spirit with as much misery as possible. We have to fight back at some point or all will be lost.
How odd our supermarkets were packed with fruit veg and lettuce. Shortage of cabbages I believe they are all at the MSM.
The responses to your tweet have given me a good laugh. Miles better than your cartoon. Shows the resolve and sense of humour of Brexiteers is still strong in this country. You rejoinders don’t stand a chance.
Please stay!
The best way to come is to catch the border farce ferry dinghy from Calais you will then be placed in a 4*spa hotel or similar upon arrival.
Neither I’d say going on experience, been busy & sold loads Aldi run on small team and reload of shelves aren’t done yet, our Aldi is the same, panic over!
Brexit mate. Those customs checks are starting to bite!
I was in Morrison's at 9.45 pm yesterday. Shelves were full.
Is there a shred of credible, independent and verifiable evidence?If not then this is just an assertion by a full-on attention-seeking fruit loop.
I was very concerned in LIDL to see them running so low on welding masks and trombones.
Bring all you can carry.
No issues here,
Everything fine round my way
no problems here
How can they think people will believe this bull? Don’t you think they see it’s a lie for themselves? Desperation or what!
Rubbish.
All shelves are empty, we've run out of bog roll, the £ has crashed and the sky has fallen in as per all remoaner predictions, oh hang on, none of those things have happened...
Well that should be a wake up call for us to start growing our own again... instead of building on every bit of green land!!
Oh dear bolloxed by Brexit.
@johnredwood Winning?
I’m guessing 52% say the shelves are well stocked but you should stay in France anyway and 48% found library pictures of an empty shelf somewhere to share
And they get their lunches confiscated too.
Oh.
I do not agree with Brexit. On the other hand, are all these photos of empty supermarkets genuine? I keep seeing the pic of full French and Spanish shops vs. an empty English one; but our Tesco was full to bursting with fruit and veg two hours ago.
Maybe hoarding?
Polish trucking magazine http://40ton.net reports: A Polish truck driver entered Kent on Monday with valid Kent permit. He turned up at Ashford when they told him that his documents need to be double-checked, so he was sent to a different truck park to wait. 1/4
Coming soon
Scuffles over loo paper were nothing in comparison to what happens when fresh food runs out! Or becomes unaffordable.
Yes us too London
It is not panic buying creating shortages its because the EU are not able to send in the lorry loads of food required in 3rd world, nonentity Torydom due to HMRC demands. This is Junction 11a of the M20 where trucks head towards London and its been devoid of trucks for days.
Small correction, it’s not from the EU, but to Britain.
Project Fear yeah
Project Hungry and Bankrupt is here
Apparently they said this throughout ... my arse!
Take back control of your freedoms and rights lost to Brexit. End the problems, delays, extra costs and paperwork caused by Brexit. Share with as many people and in as many places as you can. #UKRejoinEU #Brejoin #Rejoin #RejoinEU #UKJoinEU #ScoJoinEU
why is no one calling for the brexiters in Governments resignations?
Or their arrest?https://cps.gov.uk/legal-guidance/misconduct-public-office…
Project FEAR (Fully Expected And Real)
Our shops too though the collateral damage in that decision
The government really does not care.
They did not pass the message on to consumers as they were terrified of all the panic buying and hoarding that would ensue. These shortages are only going to get worse in the short term as hauliers decide not to risk sending their trucks to the UK..
I tried to look this up but got confused. Is it now easier for NI supermarkets to import food from the Republic than from GB?If so, presumably that will increase. Esp since the Republic is increasingly bypassing Brexit customs red tape with direct ferries from the Continent.
And the spin doctors in the media are blaming the EU *gasp* quelle suprise!
Asda Greenhithe, Kent - was a common theme round the supermarket. Brexit is a shit show.
The “sunny uplands” benefits of Brexit. The only trade deal in the world to be signed that gives a worse condition than we had already. Well done Brexiteers! Would any brexiteer be willing to give ONE tangible benefit of Brexit!!!
I was thinking the same, but if I remember well, commercial imports from the South also need paperwork, but private cars do not?    If so then I see a lot of people going across the border for all their shopping.
Shelves are brimming in Manchester. All this doom and gloom over Brexit. Oh Woe!!!
It's a shame you did not point out all this stuff before the referendum.
Cauliflower v.hard to get hold of except in prepped oven ready dishes
Today was fineA few days ago we had queues again getting inI have noticed that sell by dates seem to be a lot shorter
Walnuts. Just missing.  Except extremely expensive ones at M&S. And aromat. Weird, random stuff.
It was reasonable nothing seems to be missing
I was told by a store pharmacist that there's a shortage of Milk of Magnesia around the country.
Online order today had 1 random fresh meat item unavailable (and unusually no substitute) out of 4 ordered.
Most obvious gaps were mozzarella and celery
Waitrose Solihull. Well stocked, no obvious gaps
Thats been going on for literally years. Its yet another way they get you to spend more. I regularly add a week to whatever I see on the packaging (exception to this is milk, and other essential(?)items). Sometimes more than a week sometimes less, depends on item.
Years ago, I worked for a fruit and veg wholesaler. Cauliflower in January invariably came from France, if memory serves me correctly it came from Brittany. When delivering, customers asked me why the price was so high for it in January relative to a month earlier /1
Sainsbury's have ample,but only one tray of any given fruit or veg,where normally there would be extras underneath now there are upside down empty boxes. Also no iceberg lettuce, courgette or aubergine for a while
Tesco online no cauliflower and no Broccoli all options out of stock in all but organic range.Not food but cannot get the ink cartridges I need (now 2 weeks of trying)
No significant gaps at Sainsbury’s,  no marshmallows and half bottles of Prosecco though so much middle class angst was in evidence
Also no big oranges, but plenty of satsuma types of various varieties
Mozzarella has a short shelf life, for a cheese. So, I can just imagine any hold ups in transport affecting it more than most other cheeses. So much for my home made pizza plans.
Tbf (& I’m no Tory supporter & a remainer) I went to Aldi last night (SE-UK. Not many shoppers, everyone wearing masks (even the staff), pretty well stocked. I was able to get everything we wanted (& my wife’s pretty fussy). I’d love to report shortages, but....not yet.
Our Sainsburys online shop had no fresh  broccoli, cauliflower, courgettes or seville oranges!!
I had the same issue, but, I put in my notes if they had the normal variant then give me that. They very kindly did.
Asda Edinburgh 1pm today. 4 of these end-of-aisle freezers empty, not much frozen meat, frozen veg about a quarter full. Ice cream almost empty. Fresh produce looking a bit sparse, no oranges but had Clementines. Shop here regularly and never seen empty freezers before.
Range of tomatoes was about half.  Hardly any sweet potatoes.  Salad onions v limited.
Aldi shop yesterday. Got everything I needed, but once home the sugar snap peas were inedible and tonight discovered that one of the peppers in the three pack was rotten. Normally the veg is great at Aldi, so wonder if they’ve had to change supplier?
Only four shapes of pasta and not very much of them in Lidl’s.
Delivery tomorrow from Asda, no broccoli, no cucumber, no oranges, no fresh carrots.
Oh and very few choices of coffee. Not gaps exactly but less products.
No gaps at Sainsbury’s Horsham and very quiet.
Sainsbury's, Manchester (Regent Road) seemed normal. Even roast potato seasoning (out of stock a week ago) was back, though a gap next where some spice bottles were missing.I suspect the weather played a part as I got a sourdough loaf - and they sell out by 6pm usually.
Aubergines in short supply even at local Turkish shops, none in supermarket.  Cabbages rotten look like they’ve been chilled for too long.
Unable to get aubergines from Sainsbury’s, or any frozen prepared veg packets containing aubergine, in my home delivery although amazingly I did get Seville oranges from Waitrose.
Only local village shop for basics, but no obvious gaps to report.
Lidl in Mirfield had the red & white cabbage and Brussels sprouts spaced out to cover gaps. Very lacking in cauliflowers. Carrots and potatoes OK.
I did my on line order tonight for Sainsbury delivery tomorrow. No cauliflower, no aubergines, no courgettes. Last week no spinach, no cauliflower and no aubergines. No mixed herbs either - strange.
Nescafe seems to be disappearing
I know for the fact that there are no strawberries in any Tesco express store in London ;)
Very little rasperries or broccoli.
No gaps or empty shelves in Sainsbury's, Craighall Road, EH6
No, I was expecting some at Tesco today but got everything on my list including citrus fruit.
No significant gaps at 4pm in Newquay Sainos. Plenty of fresh veg. Not busy either.
Went to Morrisons Blackpool... all good, calm  ample stock
Waitrose Haywards Heath fine. Only thing missing was multi pack red/green/yellow peppers!
There's suddenly an unusual abundance of cut-price citrus fruits in Norway. Perhaps a coincidence, or that EU fruit supply is outstripping demand post Brexit
Yep.
No soft fruit in Waitrose but loads in M&S
Actually much more fresh stock than last week. Almost like lorries had been held up at customs and then suddenly released like peas out of a peagun.
Bought these at our local Lidl. Not seen this brand or packaging there before.Packaging in English makes me think this product was normally dispatched to the UK. The translated sticker seems an afterthought.Could be a coincidence. Bought at our local Lidl in Berlin.
LIDL for walnuts, according to my husband.
Whole salmon on offer not delivered. Offered fillets and smoked sliced salmon as substitute. Preferred wine substituted for something else. Got frozen cauliflower but could not get fresh veg.
Couple of days ago, sorry, but quite a few gaps in Waitrose and Tesco in London.
I alternate between Tesco and Sainsbury's. Same products missing in both stores since 1st jan. Part baked baguettes (made in France, perhaps?) And dried duck treats for dog. It is like the 2018 hummus shortage all over again....
Ok, just noticed there is also German printed on the packaging in the logo.
I went today (Oxfordshire, Waitrose) and all looked fine.
Asda Stockton superstore today:I would say the fruit and veg section was about half empty, particularly lacking in tomatoes, lettuce, soft fruit. Some fruit looked to be going off.Still got all I wanted.Nothing else notably missing, though not as well stocked as usual.
We ordered a click & collect from Asda for tomorrow. Quite a few ‘out of stock’s on fresh produce: broccoli, tomatoes, swede, green beans, figs, raspberries, Skyr, oat milk.
Tesco Leeds 18.30: it just looked shabby. Gaps everywhere. Went to buy baby milk for my neighbour, very little there. Gaps in the wine/drinks sections. Pretty much every category had holes in the shelves.
Tbh nothing striking.  Sainsbury O2 always has a lot of gaps.   Did not notice anything unusual - unlike a couple of weeks ago when there was no fresh produce at all for two or three days.
Sainsburys had everything on my list (I have taken to shopping there instead of Tesco as it is smaller, easier and quicker). Fruit and veg present, but I have noticed the quality has been lower than normal, lasting a shorter time before going off.
Crowborough, East Sussex midday today Lidl had most usual fresh produce but quantity less and stock spread out, Waitrose had rows of empty fresh produce crates - almost no tomatoes, no peppers, aubergine, courgette - rest of shop normal stocks
Very odd thread. I’d be surprised if supply chain issues don’t cause shortages in some areas but haven’t seen any evidence of it so far. Went shopping this morning and lots of reduced veg, including cauliflower, which suggests there aren’t too many problems with supply yet.
Tesco click and collect for tomorrow. Quite a few fresh vegetables not available, BUT it has been my previous experience that this might not mean they wouldn’t be available in store. I suspect that things in short or unpredictable supply get stopped for delivery/CC first.
English made vintage and strong cheddar cheese slices sold out but not replaced in Carrefour in Sarlat, Dordogne!
Why odd? I have asked the exact same question (except for changing the date) every few days this year.If there are widespread shortages, they will show up in answer after answer. So it's a good canary-in-the-coalmine test.Fortunately such shortages have not transpired yet.
No broccoli!! We always buy a lot of brocolli as vegetarians and not a stalk to be had even in the organic section.
At Sainsbury's Longstone Edinburgh,  all fine.
going to Sainsbury’s tomorrow, will let you know! It’s been snowing here all evening though, so I may not even get there...
Veg - less choice.
So the fact we are not checking inbound goods and the volume of other imports is very low must mean it is getting through at the moment. Also Gov't must have arranged a sneaky fast track for the return journey to guarantee supply.
There was very little fruit available. Most vegetables I would buy were available.
Iceland and co-op branches in Belfast today. Both had plenty of stock.
Tesco tonight, very little/none of strawberries and raspberries and couldn’t find any cauliflower, or anything in stir fry fresh veg. Lots of random shelf filling with one product to look full
Went to my corner shop. No food products missing. Shop usually restocks on Friday from the cash & carry, so probably no panic buying since then. (I saw panic buying in March, so know the results.)
We usually shop at Morrisons but their fruit was looking suspect on a milk run the day before - bananas starting to go brown, etc - and gaps in bakery so went to Lidl instead on the recommendation of a relative which seemed fine. (Cwmbran, s Wales)
Did a normal shop at Aldi. Nothing was unavailable, except the odd thing that they do not always have in stock anyway - under normal circumstances.
Diarrea colectiva
Looks like a certain red-haired former Fish N Chip shop owner is not the only numpty to have resided in #Ipswich #Toiletpaper#covid19qld
Just the same as the last few weeks - most of the store (Tesco's) normal but some noticeable gaps. I've given up on one product ever being there and ordered it from Amazon. Very little Mozzarella available. Almost no Lurpak!
I have found the same with some of the fresh salad stuff - I wondered if it was same supplier, but not so fresh due to it being stuck in red tape hell?
Apparently we won’t be experiencing quite so many shortages as freight companies importing goods (which are being waved through) are sending lorries back empty to avoid delays. And charging recipient 500€ for doing so!
I’ll be going this evening, will let you know from Scotland.
Funny femi I was in supermarket yesterday and no food shortages their daily mail say anything for publicity and get people like your self's attention
I mean the fact they're the people who elected her as a senator should be a clue.
These are the people who elected Pauline Hanson as a senator so no great surprise.
Fruit and veg were significantly diminished otherwise shelves were full. Was in a medium-large Sainsbury's.
Going later, when there are less people
Little change at all so far in supermarket.  Some price increases ..Lidl doing best in town ( prices and goods)From mainland Britain's most northerly town in Caithness.
No strawberries, raspberries, or limes available for our Tesco delivery.
No. I have not been food shopping since March 14. There's a plague out there.
Not been to a supermarket but lots of Out of Stock items on Morrisons Online site, far more than last year. They are also starting to ration selected items again like bottled water and handwash.
Well stocked in @AldiUK in Yarm. Seems to be a lot more fresh produce from Morocco & Egypt - esp tomatoes & soft fruit.
My wife is a manager at a major supermarket chain.No issues with ambient products and non-food lines for now. Major availability issues since Brexit with most non-native fresh food which wasn’t an issue LY during COVID. Said their gap checks are around 50 times greater now.
where do you live Edwin?
Do you use the Google Maps chart to see when it is likely to be quieter, or just go by what you've seen in the past?
Just been to Sainsbury's in Oldham. No obvious gaps - citrus fruit and salad veg were all well stocked.
Just got back from Tesco. No shortages that I noticed. Plenty of fruit and veg and toilet rolls!
not today, but since 1st Jan 2021 a lot of the organic fresh produce I normally buy is noticeably lacking in Sainsbury’s
Our local supermarket in SW London looks normal. Online deliveries have been good when we can get them.
Cambridge. Why?
A lot of short dated fruit and veg. Stockpiled produce pre 1st January about to be written off. Are there replacements ready to replenish shelves?
Went last night, local big Tesco, plenty of everything as far as I could see.
Went to local Italian deli and also  Turkish convenience store. No shortage of fresh  food.
Sainsbury’s delivery all arrived. No substitutes and nothing missing.
Been to the local co-op. Did not notice any empty shelves amongst the rest of the shop but the chilled fresh meats/deli and fruit/veg did not seem as well stocked as I'd have expected Saturday morning. Lots of gaps especialy in the fresh meat section.
Only to the local butcher, who looked well stocked and had everything I needed. Cooked meat, cheese, burgers, chicken and lamb.
What is an ambient product?
Got everything I ordered from Ocado.
I went early(ish, 10am) to my local Sainsbury’s. Quite a lot of blank spaces in the fresh fruit and veg area (veg was worse, but both looked more like 8pm on a pre-Brexit day). Had to go to M&S to get the rest. No fresh skimmed milk.
Going out, m&s.
A lot of factories limited the amount of SKUs due to covid.
Last nights Morrison’s delivery - no fever tree tonic, limits on what you could order eg some breakfast cereals & some other things you’d only want 1 of, but most of my shopping arrived (a few substitutions but not too bad).
Love the Lidl, has some great Scottish produce.
No leeks ?
After a 3-week drought in which many people died, tomato juice is back on Tesco shelves in Norn Iron. A personal relief - begone V8, you over-priced substitute! Too much celery, anyway...Interesting Q will be how supply routes shift. Unionists will not be happy...
I shop at lidl in the evening. Peppers, soft fruit are low. But as I said I shop in the evening. Just managed to get some multi vitamins after a month of looking in Lidl and Morrisons.
Lidl's, midday. No real issues although a few gaps in their egg section (still a decent choice, though). Otherwise fine.
Oh, also! Am reminded that in Early 1st LD (as history will record it) I was furloughed & had all the time in the world, so deliberately did not go to shops, parks, etc on Saturday, leaving them for those who needed them.Doing it today, but had *forgotten* is the point...
Some products missing, less choice overall, items that used to fill 2 shelves now spread to cover 4 to improve the visuals, but no serious shortages at the moment.
Just been to Waitrose (as it's within easy walking distance) and everything seemed to be well stocked.
Noticed that Sainsbury’s haven’t had fresh broccoli and aubergine the last couple of weeks for our online shopping, substituting with bagged chopped mixed veg instead.
No missing items but subjectively that best before dates on fresh produce are getting shorter. Not sure if there is significance to that.
Been to the local Asda. Lots of gaps on fruit and veg. Also an announcement listing items that are limited to one per person due to shortages.
Went to Lidl here in Portugal this morning..... its important you get snapshots from both sides of the channel.... shelves seemed fully stocked. Stock levels of Ruby Port lower than when I entered.
It's been the same for the last three weeks - a lot of gaps but you can get most of what you want. I noticed that there was nothing on the fruit and veg "reduced to clear" section - normally there are six shelves so presumably they're running at lower margins.
Aubergines gone (mostly Dutch I think) few tiny ones in Turkish shops. Courgettes manky. M&S shelves almost devoid of fresh fruit. (N London).  Strange dearth of alcohol free beer (yes I know it’s not manly but I can’t drink alcohol due to medical condition now even that gone).
Bringing those in via Southampton direct rather than Dover via Europe.  It's working for now, but Southampton does not have a lot of capacity - hopefully they'll manage for a while yet
North Wales, small town, everything as normal. Has been like that since Christmas. Nobody panic buying! Hopefully it will stay like that.
Yes, there where no CDs.
Sainsburys in Guildford today starting to have significant gaps  around the store but plenty of fruit and veg
Fresh fruit was gone in my local M & S. All of it.
Rotten fruits in punnets no bananas no clementines & no aubergines.  Cheese section was a bit sparse too. @LidlGB
So far.... tomatoes and soya milk very limited and rationed. Decaf coffee beans unavailable. Salad bags are scarce and remaining are short on shelf life. Peanuts are also being rationed when purchasing through Amazon.
Local Waitrose and Morrisons have both got significant gaps in their red wine rangeWaitrose missing a butter I like from Brittany
I would say that’s down to pre-Brexit stockpiling and perhaps struggling to restock? We’ll see in a couple of weeks I think
Just been to Sainsbury’s. Live in SE. All ok. No different than usual.
I walked down to the farmers market.... the French chap definitely had less stuff! In contrast the queue for fish and shellfish went the length of the market!
No gaps.  For your information a lot of fresh produce comes from outside EU in winter.  In my shop - green beans (Kenya); asparagus (Peru); tomatoes (Morocco); spring onions (Egypt); cherries (Argentina); grapes (South Africa); strawberries (Egypt).
I ca not find an aubergine for love nor money either!!! (Actually that expression was the probably not the best given the subject matter...)
May have to wait until summer to see any shortages.  Alternatively, the major supermarkets may have already reduced their dependency on the EU for fresh produce, especially in winter.
Got a delivery from Tesco in Ireland ,large weekly shop nothing missing , 1 substitute but that’s the usual with 1 particular bread with years not Brexit related.
Husband reports no shortages he could see in our corner Co-Op this morning when he went for a newspaper & a bottle of wine. He always has a look to see what’s happening
Serious shortage of reliable brands of caviar.
Strawberries are now a thing of memory.
Lots of stuff on sell-by date, including bread, which could imply lack of longer-life stuff to replace it. Also, no Flora Buttery spread. Think this is imported from EU. Store: Tesco, Selby.
My mum says absolutely nothing missing in Aldi and lidl today
Waitrose London home delivery missing many items...Fresh ground coffee, rocket, milk, fresh herbs, cucumber, lime, bananas, mandarins
I heard a shopper asking a staff member about strawberries, last weekend. The answer was ''We've none'.
Could not find any truffles in Aldi.
Does anybody know what's happening with the direct fresh veg freight trains from the South of Spain to the UK?
That is German organisation!
No. All okay in Camden Town.
Went yesterday, fresh meat and fish and frozen food looking sparse
No olives in our supermarket.
Went to morissons on Friday evening.  Fish counter virtually empty, no fresh greens, as one gaps on other shelves
Goods the other way that not on shelves are chilled ready meals at Iceland, Costa del Sol, Spain which takes product from Tesco and Waitrose.
Nothing missing in the Chinese supermarket. Tesco have not stocked Purina Savoury Cake cat food for 6 months now. Otherwise they were fine too.
No real difference.
Well stocked in Morrison's earlier today.   I found everything that I wanted.
No aubergines. Local corner shop had them but said he’d paid 25% more for them. He had interesting theory. Supermarkets don’t want to push basket prices up so are just not stocking products with biggest price rises. @dresserman thoughts?
No aubergines on my recent Sainsbury's order
No Raspberries or Strawberries in Waitrose or Tesco.
Just been in Waitrose:- No strawberries- No radishes- No cauliflower
Going shopping for a newspaper ; a bottle of wine is not essential shopping is it?
How the other half live! Strawberries in January
Just amended my Asda delivery. Several  fresh items not available. No plain brioches either!
Tesco in suburban west London,10am: well stocked throughout, nothing missing that I spotted
Our supermarkets and food hauliers have been amazing.
Went shopping today and noticed they were very low on cucumbers, and out of raspberries and cherries. And, fish well in date was on sale in large numbers. Lots of fish at the fish counter, too. On sale.
Tesco Collection yesterday. Got everything I ordered. No substitutions.
Sign at Morrissons bakery counter saying range was limited due to supplier issues.
Went to Morrison’s this morning. Fruit/veg/salads ok, more root veg & U.K. seasonal than other stuff (not a bad thing). No tom purée & tin tom products low. Gaps in oils & condiments, other shelves had less than normal but reasonable levels. I went midweek & low stocks of wine
no problems in local Lidl and Morrisons, both of whom I visited this morning. Wine shelves in Morrisons not fully stocked but i suspect that is more to do with it being non essential. Good stocks of fruit and veg; bread baked instore. Meat/fish good stocks. Kirkcaldy, Scotland.
Lidl haven’t had any canned pulses/beans for the last week or so where I am in south east London. Haven’t noticed any significant price rises but some pack sizes are getting smaller, eg frozen prawns now 180g, used to be 200g as far as I can remember.
My Sainsbury’s cat treats have been substituted for a branded alternative containing fish (which Ted despises).
Aldi in Eccles has had none of this the past few weeks inc today. https://aldi.co.uk/premium-pilsner-lager/p/071111070748200… bottles or cans, or the same brand wheat beer.
Sainsbury’s Sutton, lack of chopped tomatoes, but still some available. Very little soft fruit, most other things seem ok.
Lidl in Ireland also fully stocked, except for Houmus, which I suspect be from UK and not surviving new delays
No FeverTree? That will finish me off.
Sainsbury’s in Hastings
No cucumbers in our local middle eastern corner shop and only very expensive aubergines. They told me all their veg comes from Spain, it’s hard to get anything and they are paying more for it.
Yip in many areas
Went into M&S foods, after work today (it's close). Seemed full of stock.
Husband has just been to Co-op supermarket in Bungay, Suffolk. Says were quite a few gaps in fresh produce but managed to get what we needed including potatoes, carrots, fresh root ginger,  mushrooms, grapes and bananas.
Morrison’s. All present and correct. No problems.
Have yet to see any shortage Chesham, Bucks.
Been longing for an aubergine curry these past few weeks but no aubergines to be had anywhere.
Notice in Waitrose, no strawberries/raspberries or other small fruits. Suspect this is weather related.
M&S (Cambridge Bee Hive) was sparse on anything fresh last week. This week the fresh food stalls were full but with a very noticeable reduction in choice. It looks like we are adapting to new normals.
Poor Ted.
Aldi in Barnsley has low supplies of fresh produce. I can tell they're rationing. A lot of fresh produce that IS stocked is short dated. As in 2 or 3 days time.
Normal socially distanced shop. Only thing not there: distilled water for ironing.Delhaize, Jezus-Eik, Belgium , EU
Waitrose (J Lewis Oxford St), Whole Foods Piccadilly Circus and Fortnum's seemed fine this afternoon.
Aubergines have been on the missing list for a few weeks in The South West
Just been to local Sainsbury's  - only one item I could not find - baby potatoes prepared with parsley and butter - I expect that is not related to Brexit but leaving it too late to get to the shop. Also shop is as safe as possible with everyone keeping a distance and wearing mask
Nope all good
Malvern morrisons/ stock levels low but few empty shelves.most customers respectful. Queuing outside to maintain numbers in store. Cashier said it had been busier earlier (I arrived 2pm ish).
Not even jars? That is worrying
Went to Sainsbury’s in Shirley near Solihull.A lot of fruit and veg missing - I’d conservatively say 10% of all produce.Also a number of cheeses and some types of butter/spread were out and there were gaps in the yoghurts too. Also lots of dips, e.g. hummus were missing.
Waitrose, Oxfordshire, seemed to have plenty of stock. I did not go into every aisle today, but was in most of them.
Tescos delivered everything as ordered without substitutions if that helps.
Do you usually?
Local large Ssbys. 0830-ish. No issues. Seemed pretty well stocked.
Tesco, small town in Lincolnshire, just commenting on products on my list.  No leeks, scarcity of fresh fruit, berries and laundry products. Shelves looked more empty than usual, and lots of families shopping together, despite constant reminders not to.
No gaps or anything. Just a pathetic queue to shop in Great Britain.
Thursday....second week in a row no courgettes. Broccoli was unavailable apart from expensive stems of broccoli.
Nothing bad of note in Tesco. Sainsburys is not as well stocked, though, especially with fresh produce. Green vegetables were lacking. Had to buy organic cabbage for the guinea pigs as it was all that was left.
Lots of holes in the fresh veg section, and low on chicken. Plus very little (I got the last 4-pack) kitchen roll and the loo roll was noticeably low
Oh yeah, and bread was definitely lower in stock than is normal for a main supermarket
I did an online Sainsbury's shop in the week and there were no fresh veg. Having an Ocado delivery later today and no missing items, loads of veg.
No raspberries anywhere.
I had the last box of strawberries in Tesco , when I went to pay the lady stated that they had run out of aubergines and some salad items during the week. Oddly she then started spouting off how good it would be if we went back to the days when salads  were a treat in the winter.
Maybe she was suffering from "preemptive apologitis"? I suspect some Leave voters may have come down with a bad case, if they've been unable to reconcile the reality of Brexit with the lofty dreams they've been missold.
Same at my local co-op the empty shelves have been empty for two weeks now. Strawberries raspberries seem to be a thing of the past still plenty of blueberries from chile though.
Yes, I’ve just literally come out of a normally higher end supermarket - it was a frankly depressing experience - gaps in every isle. limited green vegetables,  No raspberries, fresh produce is lacking but also some of the biscuits shelves were empty or locker in stock.
Spanish peppers, tomatoes all in stock. No courgettes or aubergines but plenty of Caulli, sprouts (yuk!) & Broc. No skimmed milk, frozen peas or cling film.
Fine at Morrisons today.
You mean you normally feed the guinea pigs produce tainted with pesticides and artificial fertilisers? Surely they deserve the best?
Dinah’s got some to spare.
I did not see much missing but it was early in the morning. There did seem to be an effort to cover empty shelves with things that were not normally there e.g. glue, car wash, wd40
No strawberries or raspberries when normally there are lots.
Strange today, as you know @uk_domain_names i have a village shop, I bought from the warehouse a retail pack of 24 cans of diet coke for resale (All cans had "part of a multipack, not to be sold seperatley" even though are not multipacks) are @CocaCola having supply problems?
Asda 3pm no grapes very low on tomatoes and citrus fruit also some empty freezers.
No aubergines in @Morrisons #Reigate - some other gaps in the fesh fruit and veg area but nothing that directly affected me
Good to see less waste.
Yes, just come back and lots of the usual products are missing, probably 20%
No broccoli No social distancing
Sainsbury’s in Wombourne, loads of stuff missing, particularly in the produce section.
Yes the lettuces were gone.
Co-op seems to be importing fresh produce from anywhere but Europe.I've noticed more labels from Egypt, Mexico, Chile and Morocco. Whilst this subverts some border issues, I imagine the cost of extra freight miles will eventually be passed on to the customer.
That's interesting, and good to know.
Quite considerable gaps, though no real food shortages, but the prices have also gone up quite a bit.
Everything was normal in NW
30 major brands are supporting the “Look, Smell, Taste, Don’t Waste” campaign being launched on Tuesday.
President French butter missing at Waitrose. Plenty of Lurpak Danish available.
Not Hoomin food,but some brands of Cat food are in short supply.
The shelves weren’t sparse today. In the previous two weeks, fresh produce has definitely been in shorter supply. But that depends on when I’ve attended. Earlier in the day, plentiful. Later in the day, pretty empty. There’s a high demand of online purchasing, so was expected.
Shortages of odd things. Take cat crack, sorry, Dreamies. They are made in Dublin, so plenty of them, whereas the own-brand variety seems to be made in Austria and packed in Germany. Had largely run out - and this is the sort of unlikely product shortage to excite the Mail.
I have noticed that food products are getting smaller and at the same time becoming more expensive
Yup.#Kaufland are having a real problem with part-baked goods. For weeks now they’ve been out of stock!!Everyone else has them though. Phew.
No I can’t say I did to be honest
No lemons or cauliflower in Sainsbury’s this evening
Had an online Asda delivery yesterday. 35 items. Only 4 missing and non of those where fresh items.No probs with meat, fruit, veg or dairy.
Sorry, forgot to reply yesterday.All fine except fresh veg was a bit lacking, so needed to shop across a couple of places.
We have a regular Asda delivery, we could not order bananas, apples, cucumber, carrots or onionsWe managed to order them for next week but there's no guarantee we'll get them
Lidl this afternoon, vegetables shelves (green stuff) a bit bare compared to the usual. Could just be because it was Saturday though.Meat fridges full as usual.
In my local Sainsbury's Flora Buttery is on permanent special offer since they started adding buttermilk to it. People who want a buttery taste usually buy butter, not marge.
I shopped at 6.00 pm yesterday at Waitrose. It was ludicrous. Loads of gaps in veg. About half missing.Tomatoes I bought yesterday went off really quickly. Does not usually happen. The pack I bought today has some that have split.
I did not go shopping today but just observing with interest how quick buying habits changed to availability of out-of-season fruit. As a child in the 80s it was always an event when strawberries started appearing in the shops & my mum would say "it's a very short season".
Had to get a lot of substitutes. Distinct lack of fresh salad stuff and berries. Shelf stacker says stuff is coming in with bigger and bigger gaps
Strawberries are pretty flavourless in winter.
No Coke available from Ocado yesterday other than packs of 30 tins. I just wanted a small amount as a treat for my daughter.
Slim veg selection (although did have various salad items) and quite a few reduced things. Plenty of potatoes. I went at 9 pm so that could be it tbf. Other than fresh stuff did not seem to be any gaps. Have not had any issues so far in Failsworth (Oldham) other than aubergines.
About 50% of fresh fruit and veg has been the norm for the last week in my area, regardless of which of the several supermarkets I’ve tried. Admittedly shopping late in day but that previously didn’t matter.
I went shopping yesterday in Lidl, no shortages and got everything I needed.
Supermarket staff sigh when you ask about strawberries.
A local friend said Waitrose veg aisles were mostly empty.
No noticeable gaps in Tesco in South Wales Valleys.
Same. I find all this shopping talk bewildering. Why us everyone still shopping? On Saturday? Even pre-pandemic I would never shop on a Saturday.
Shopped in Sainsbury’s in Street today. Less choice with certain varieties of fruit and veg unavailable but overall it was well stocked
Cheshire, Sainsbury’s: by lunchtime no cauliflower and only 2 tiny white cabbages left.
Yes, less lines and no favourite rioja in Lidl
Nothing much to report. I shop frequently. This week-end fresh curry leaves was the only thing missing. Sainsburys seem to be only place that always has them but none in Luton.
Ha ha. If you are so wound up about government lies it would be better to not read a newspaper ; drink a bottle of wine! Doing some Tai Chi would be more sensible!
Government advice for #Brexit food shortages.Is this the blitz spirit #Leavers have been salivating for
Or nice crisps!
Aberdeen. Local Co-op was fine for fresh produce, well stocked. Large Tesco click and collect today, no substitutions - good mix of fresh and stock cupboard items.
I've been trying to buy Milk of Magnesia for about a month now.