I heard panic buying is trendy again, so I’ve extended my tour into the autumn. More shows in: London. Leeds. Manchester. Bournemouth. Southampton. Norwich. Swindon. I will be changing my joke about Swindon for exactly one of these gigs. All tickets at http://rhysjames.co.uk/live-1
Couldn’t get any anti bacterial hand wash today in central London all sold out !!! @BorisJohnson
There's something I've been meaning to ask.Why are so many people panic buying loo roll?!? I mean tins of soup, all sorts of groceries - yes! But bulk buying toilet roll as if you're never going to be able to buy it again for six months is baffling me.
Well, I thought the panic buying was a bit of a beat up. Its real, just saw it for myself. Just been to Coles Bridgewater, sold out of toilet rolls, water, most painkillers, milk, empty shelves in nearly every aisle.
Oh great with all the rising panic #coronavirus I can’t get my groceries delivered as all available delivery slots taken. #middleclassproblems Now I’ll have to remember where I parked the car.
Virus panic buying prompts toilet paper rationing in Australia http://bit.ly/3cvcKsN
Tomorrow I'm in London. Thinking of doing a bit of panic buying  and stockpiling Penguin Classics.
Toilet paper panic buying has spread to London
Sorry to see even my beloved SW London residents losing their minds. Soap & paracetamol shelves empty in Waitrose Richmond just now. The panic buying of loo roll is also now a BIG THING.
WTF?!  Panic buying has already started in South-East London  Great job, Boris Johnson...you’ve sent the country into utter panic!!  Could have easily been avoided if the government had taken corona virus seriously from the start and stop flights from infected areas
Honestly I think outside of London people are just cracking on
You ca not buy pasta in any supermarket where I amI am fully stocked up from my brexit prepping - 200 loo rolls, Plenty of food, meds, veg seedsWhose laughing now leavers? The UK cant cope with brexit alone, but add another problem on top..Fuel next
Panic buying UK  facts from @WhoGivesACrapTP's data:- Yesterday's sales up 4x. Looks like today's sales (9.45am now) could be 7-8x+. Expecting a run this weekend- Northampton's sales spiking the hardest. In Greater London it's Southall & Croydon - Belfast looking chill
I ca not work out why the #panicbuying in my local Sainsbury's seems to have extended to lightbulbs #coronvirusuk
*Panic buying of chianti breaks out in London suburbs*
In Chiswick they’re panic-buying hummus and coconut water.
Greenwich, London, Sunday morning. My daughter reports: Shoppers emptied the disinfectant shelf at Asda; toilet tissue going fast. 8 of 10 most viewed stories in The Guardian COVID-19 related. Jamaica, no panic buying necessary. Calm, informed response will keep us safe.
Strepsils panic buying hits London EC1.
Here in North London, panic buying has hit new lows. Not only have toilet rolls, paper towels and hand sanitiser disappeared but you can no longer find mushroom ketchup, Szechuan peppercorns or pomegranate seeds.
Apparently supermarkets across London are empty. Yet in the Shires it’s business as usual. What’s wrong with people in the capital, where every street has an off license, takeaways, restaurants and more supplies per square mile than anywhere, that they need to stash everything?
#Covid_19 affect. Panic buying in London. #CoronavirusPandemic making people overstocking mostly hand wash, sanitisers, toilet rolls and even foods. I saw people stocking can foods. It won’t be a #ZombieApocalypse as we think. I hope .
Following is a thread of a London supermarket visit this afternoon.  Looks like teaces of #Covid19 panic buying. It so does not make sense :
Seeing sad photos of shelves depleted of items in shops in some countries. Meanwhile in Tehran made rare/quick trip to supermarket & covertly took some rushed photos. Bear in mind this country is under max pressure sanctions @AssalRad @yarbatman @SinaToossi @yelmjouie @DanielKRad
A London truck driver makes fun of toilet paper panic buying by driving up the motorway with a pack of toilet paper strapped to his trailer.: Facebook - Lee Oilee Thompson
It’s official: Britain is panic buying - here a Tesco outside London this morning - and it’s no longer only just toilet roll and pasta ( @M_Davieswrites).
Defoe’s account of plague 1665-66 of London is an of today’s account of pandemic. Panic buying, leaflets denying plague, refusal to self isolate. With richest taking to countryside. Whilst poorest workers described as having brutal courage. #COVIDー19
'This is why you see panic buying:' London shoppers denude store shelves of - toilet paper? https://ift.tt/3aY2GY2
Seen this image off Twitter.Tesco’s in North London. Panic buying.Just get what you need for the week and think of others. Get a bloody grip. There’s no need for this.
I’ve never felt more pessimistic that we can withstand this virus than I do tonight.It’s not the virus, the science, the govt or the strategy.It’s the lack of national will.If we don’t unite to tackle this then all is lost.#cornoravirusuk
There are fewer big supermarkets per head in London area than elsewhere, for obvious reasons. And panic buying spike has been twice as pronounced in south as north. So, London-based journos, do not extrapolate your local ransacked store as representative of the whole country!
Ppl are queueing up at 9 for a grocery supermarket that opens at 10 am. By 10: 30 all grocery is over. Ppl are panic buying pasta, biscuits n pre processed meals. I return, take a bath n spend another 1 hr cleaning all grocery with anti bacterial wipes. This is london life today.
Food shoppers in Chiswick, London are forced to wait in long queues that stretch down the supermarket aisles as panic buying over #coronavirus continues.Read more: https://trib.al/IglR36D
seeing all these crazy pictures of people panic buying 60 huge bottles of milk and 500 toilet rolls and I’m just sat in my tiny London flat marveling at the fact y’all even have space to STORE that nonsense
Coronavirus - Sunday - Stockpiling and panic buying continues in London supermarket as isolation plan for over-70s is discussed #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirusuk #panicshopping #panicbuying
Really?????!!What is WRONG with people???Shopper ‘mugged’ for toilet roll leaving Savers store in London as coronavirus panic-buying grips UK – The Sun
We’ve settled into a routine here in East London, panic buying in the morning, panic eating in the afternoon. Very zen.
We have recently received a small number of reports of individuals offering to go shopping for the elderly within our community as a means to then keep their money. As ever, please ensure you or those more vulnerable in your circles treat such invitations with caution
Ladies and gentlemen, I have just been to do my monthly shop at Morrisons, it looks like a nuclear war has broken out. One member of staff told me there was a delivery at 0600 this morning and by 0930, three quarters of that eelivery was gone. Now I have an elderly sick mother
In an environment where people are panic buying sanitizers, hand wipes and so on what chance do the homeless stand to get access to these? #London #CoronavirusOutbreak (@loveenatandon)
the worst thing that could happen during this crisis would be if U2 decided to be charitable and force everyone to have a free copy of their new album again
There’s nothing like panic buying - in London it’s still crazy! #covid19UK #covid19UK #panicbuying CC: @sarbjeetjohal @TmanSpeaks @sallyeaves @NatSchooler @digitalcloudgal @StevenDickens3 @mentorafrika
So An eldderly person was pushed out for preventing panic buying & stockpilling in LondonBut again, pushing someone is wrong; But stockpilling & panic buying is wrongOf Course, they will play religion card & whole politics revolves around this only
Hard to believe people in #London are still being this stupid. STOP. PANIC. BUYING. NOW. #Planks #coronavirus @Tesco
Current state of events in London as a result of all the panic buying  #londonlockdown #covid19UK
Fight breaks out at London Tesco 'over tissues' as coronavirus panic-buying continues
Govt comms over last 24 hours unforgivably fucking terrible. Allowing these stories to get out there about London going into lock-down and now countering them. As if you constructed the strategy with the intention of encouraging panic buying.
The speculative scaremongering about a 'London lockdown' & the army patrolling the streets is irresponsible & will lead to two outcomes: 1. a mass exodus of tens of thousands of people to avoid it - as in Italy. 2. more panic buying. This new MSM Project Fear needs to end.
Thoughts from hospital on call in West London:1/ Stop panic buying. Keyworkers + elderly suffer.2/ PPE urgently. Please.3/ Covid- 19 will cause direct and indirect mortality ie cancer therapy delays/compromise4/ This is bad. Take it seriously. #covid19UK
I never thought I would ever see people fighting over bloody toilet paper... whats wrong with these f-ing people? Fight breaks out at London Tesco 'over tissues' as coronavirus panic-buying tensions boil over
In London, tube stations are closed, stores and bars are crowded, panic-buying has stripped supermarket shelves -- and the city of over 9 million people simply ca not make up its mind how to respond to coronavirus | Analysis by @npwcnn
Good morning! Please join me - at home due to coronavirus isolation - for my @talkRADIO breakfast show 6.30am-10am. We’ll be talking about Govt wage subsidy promised for workers, key workers list, panic buying continues, stricter London enforcement & Queen’s message*today’s mug
Latest pictures of Local Supermarket in the City of London! Shelves are completely empty! UK is in panic Buying Mode. Is Shutdown on it’s way?  #coronaUK
The panic buying in my local area has made me rethink living in London. Shocking that it’s happening elsewhere.The divisiveness of Brexit is nothing compared to the selfish attitudes too many Brits have shown recently. Disgusted.
A plea to the people of NW London:  if you carry on panic-buying & stripping the shops of nutrients, people like my parents - housebound with dementia - who 100% need grocery delivery services will not be able to secure the food & produce they need to be sustained.  Stop it now.
Top tip for those in London panic buying and fighting over bottles of water in supermarkets.This is a tap, you turn it on and water comes out of it.
I wonder if the extensive media stories about an immediate London lockdown encouraged more panic buying at supermarkets as well as some people leaving town (potentially spreading the virus faster). Yet it all proved to be fluff.
I'm in in London, I've just been out trying to do some shopping for old people so that they can stay indoors. This panic buying has reached ridiculous levels @BorisJohnson @Conservatives DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
Part 2 of the Toilet Paper Trilogy: There’s plenty on the shelves at the London Drugs near our studio. On the National tonight, the chain’s president says  there’s lots of supply. (But the panic buying is leading them to rethink some of their post-earthquake planning)
Just been out for a walk, having spent three days at home seeing no one. Stopped in at my local corner shop in Pembury. Full shelves, including sanitiser and loo roll and acres of food. Use your local independent store! You know it makes sense.
Hundreds of panic-buyers queue around Tesco car park amid coronavirus lockdown Hundreds of shoppers were spotted queuing around the entire car park at Tesco in New Malden, south-west London as stockpiling and panic-buying shows no sign of slowing down
Offices in London go through ~1m toilet rolls per week. All that supply has had to be diverted to unpredictable suburban locations around the capital. Even without panic-buying, we’d probably still see empty shelves.
People see empty shelves and assume panic-buying, ignoring that the entire food supply chain has had to change *overnight* to supply a completely different range of products to completely different locations.
London will be worse than Wuhan. We need all people confined to home, shops closed except food stores and pharmacies, police + army to manage lockdown + panic buying, medical reservists brought in, aid or purchase of protective equipment from abroad, and a state of emergency.
Tower Hamlets neighbourhood police providing patrols to supermarkets in London - The patrols and increased security is in response to recent panic buying over the COVID-19 crisis.https://landing.intelligencefusion.co.uk/en-gb/covid-19-live-updates…
London Lockdown Gegara Corona, Tom Holland Frustasi dan Panic Buying
Keep your tips coming in for how to get supermarket home delivery slots - especially for vulnerable, elderly, disabled or shielding customers. And alternative outlets - eg local suppliers. I will RT and share. @sainsburys @ocado @tesco @asda @morrisons
Question 8: Food provision. Should one worry about this? Song springing to mind with line "What's the use of worrying" but ca not remember what that song is. #diversealz
Please do a show at Ally Pally @aptheatre!
Come Do #Bedford ,Pretty Please @RhysJamesy :)
hoping you’ll be doing more shows at the edinburgh fringe and not just the one that’s already sold out?
already did this particular tour at the fringe for a month so not taking it back there. I'll be back with a different show in the future but not this year
How many stores did you actually try?
Only an alcohol based hand-wash is any good against a virus.
Is it his fault?
Looks like he's washed his hands of  us all
What do you need it for? Totally useless against a virus, clue is in the name...
It's useless against a virus.  It also removes the good bacteria which protect you from bad bacteria.Just use sticky soap and water.
Do some research before talking shit.. It will work if it contains minimum of 60% alcohol as corvid-19 is an "enveloped" virus.
Luckily in South Korea, people give you huge packs of toilet roll as housewarming gifts...(or at least that's what my Korean friends told me!) And that lasts a loooong looooong time.
SNS rumor in Japan: that there is a potential lack of material used for producing toilet papers because of... masks
knock on effects are completely lost on these maroons
I always found it one of the most uniquely impressive things about South Korea that you can actually buy a single loo roll from any convenience store -  perhaps the very definition of 'convenience'!
Is it housewarming party season?
Emergency face masks... fact
Cheaper than buying disposable hankies ?
Its complete madness
Ridiculous
Flour as well! Is everyone expecting to have to bake their own bread? #fuqme
God  >humans > they're so selfish & greedy.
Or damper ? #toiletpapergate
Yeah mate, same here in Queensland. Went to get a few things today and couldn’t stop laughing at some of the lunatics lugging around four packs of toilet paper stacked on top of bottled water. Plenty of milk/bread on the shelves for now.
The World Has Gone Mad The Supermarkets And Chemists Are Rubbing Their Hands With Glee No Pun Intended !!!!!
That baffles me too. Here in Sydney the toilet paper racks at local supermarkets Woolies and Coles are empty. Costco are rationing one pack per customer. People are hoarding non-perishables.
In Kuala Lumpur in the 90's we had to keep a toilet roll in the bottom drawer of our office desk for personal use. The cleaning staff appeared to regard loo roll as one of the perks and stole the lot.Going to the loo, trying to hide your toilet roll and your intent, was hilarious
Now explain “Christmas Shopping” to me using the same logic!  Mass panic buying of things nobody needs ever!Great job you’re doing btw.  Clear & concise reporting from Korea.
At my local supermarket in North London it’s handwash that’s out of stock, as per news reports. Curiously, what there seems to be plenty of are paper tissues. We’re being told to use both preventatively but there seems to be panic buying of just one; what does that tell us?
Waiting in a long line with people who are coughing and sneezing is just baffling to me
I probably have a 4 month supply and I will buy more before the end of the week.  This is the only known virus that it takes only one suspected infected person to shut down the entire warehouse, factory, shipping facility.  all of the workers are required to self quarantine
Agreed and I am baffled by why so many shops in the U.K. are struggling for soap supplies. Our local Tesco had run out yesterday.....does this mean that previously most of the population didn’t bother to wash their hands or did they just use imaginary soap !
To use as currency. Once everyone starts buying & stockpiling at a rate outstriping all production its value will rise, until it can be used as a medium of exchange. However, it will soon become uneconomic to produce anything but toilet paper, & the global economy will collapse.
U dont need it. Wash your hands with soap properly for 20 secs, and cough or sneeze into a tissue then bin it.
Same here in . Came out of hospital without paracetamol (24p supermarket) been a real struggle to find a packet. Yesterday population UK 66 million & cases just 51. Madness
It’s perceived as a necessity, is rarely stored by suppliers so is subject to the “just in time” model, which is most subject to collapse with border or factory closures.
Maybe they’re confusing Coronavirus with Norovirus
They’re clearly expecting to have a severe dose of the squits
And not like newspapers have gone out of print yet either.
People being forced to work from home can’t nick the loo rolls from work, also they’ll just use more if they’re not going at work.
Better go back n check cattle numbers.... this thing is going off!
Help eradicate germs by washing your hands for a minimum of 20 secs. Use plenty of anti-bacteria soap. https://twitter.com/BrokenByWar/status/1234186472623951877/video/1…
It does not kill viruses anyway. Use soap and water.
Crazy times
Because they’ve shat themselves? And it’s on going?
Unless it’s 60% alcohol it’s useless, you can make your own using Vodka!!  Happy Days
Hand sanitizer here too.
This happened a few weeks ago-
Try soap perhaps?It's more effective anyway
Looking forward to seeing you in Leeds!
I thought 80% of Japanese homes had bidets installed. They should be well-prepared for a dearth of toilet paper.
Just use soap.
Southampton show now also on sale.
Ask @MayorofLondon @SadiqKhan
My wife and I just had exactly the same conversation  Apparently, people in China are joking that the symptoms of #Coronavirus might be different from region to region: from lung infection to diarrhoea... #panicbuy
Anti bacterial is no use against a virus; wear gloves, carry wet wipes, and wash your hands when you get in.
was that like "oi Boris get us some hand sanitizer next time your out in town"..... or most likely was that "Oi Boris EVERYTHING'S your fault even Global Warming cos the Left told me so"........... Bandwagon full up yet Mich?????
Use soap, or maybe get a bottle of Vodka...
What do you want anti-bacterial hand gel for? Doesn’t work against a virus which is not caused by bacteria.
That does not kill a virus need to be 60% alcohol..Wash with soap and water .
How is it Boris’ fault exactly?
Bcoz they clean their front and behind wd it instead of soap, water and this? (Those without bidet)
If you can get any, the prices are ridiculous, profiteering at it's worse
Not exactly his fault is it!
You can probably blame him for a lot of things, but not so sure this is his fault. In the same way it wouldn’t be his fault if KFC run out of chicken (again).
Antibacterial gel does not work against viruses anyway. Just wash your hands properly.
Some are panic buying & need to feel like they’re doing something. I think alot of the people who just loaded up on tp bought their food in the weeks before though. I agree, Food first
Plenty up here in Nottingham , mind you we have not bought into the mass hysteria , PS : there is an old fashioned remedy SOAP & WATER...
Why Boris ?
Antibacterial handwash wo not help with a virus anyway.
Its not the PMs fault hun
Get a life sily woman
That's because people are panic buying. Have you ever heard of soap? It's pretty good
Plenty of soap still available.
I think there is some worry that supply lines will be cut if factories close.  As everyone saw news reports in Asia of toilet paper rolls being sold out people assumed that might be a necessity they don’t want to live without. Seems quite valid to me.
Its a virus. Anti-bacterial wont do diddly squat.
Are you just another show biz mentalist?
Disaster!!!  Its all your fault Boris, I couldn’t get any humous yesterday in Waitrose... Help  #coronavirus
Doesn’t work on viruses
I suggest going into your nearest Wetherspoons, having a pint of Shipyard and using their hand-wash.
Just had this exact issue. 10 days till the next delivery slot
Try Amazon or eBay you will be surprised by the price there are a lot of entrepreneurs out there
SW12 in similar Ocado lockdown. #thehorror
@BorisJohnson  is not responsible for supplying you with hand gel.Buy some soap, perhaps?
Hey Michelle  have you ever heard of soap and water
And you’re tagging Boris because.......?!?
does @BorisJohnson  run a market stall as well?
Yet another Lefty Luvvie.Aww bless.
Firstly why is @BorisJohnson fault? Secondly .... Hot soapy water
Panic setting in, is it?
Antibacterial hand-wash does not kill viruses.
Mug!!!
Same
We didn’t get our delivery last week in Chingford and got a £25 voucher as compensation. I was going to buy a light up cat drinking fountain but my husband has just used it to reduce the cost of last week’s order.
In addition, don’t even *try* to add hand sanitiser to your Ocado order. The website just laughs at you.
Of what relevance is that?
Try soap and water. Get some soap and turn on the your tap
What use is an antibacterial against a virus  ….
Lucky you saved your money then Michelle. It’s useless. It’s anti bacterial and #COVIDー19 is a virus.
Relaaax. Anti-Bacterial gel - wont 'kill off' the corona-Virus, washing your hands in soap and water is effective.
Anti bacterial hand wash isn’t going to be much cop against a virus anyway, surely?
The hint is in the name antiBACTERIAL gel etc won’t work against a VIRUS so stop whinging for the sake of whinging. How is that the PMs fault anyway?
Boris is not a chemist....
Have you taken your temperature? Got the heat on and convinced I have a fever. Walk the dogs. Return. Nope just FRIGGIN PANIC
We just had ours delivered and we overordered chia seeds by half a kilo (true), so we’ll be okay. #middleclasssolutions
Oh gawd
I’ve got a bottle, starting bid at £1k
What’s that got to do with Boris !
Plain soap and water is more effective.
At the supermarket last night a very agitated man BOOMED at the young assistant: “How am I supposed to keep my family safe with no hand sanitiser?”  (Maybe the supermarkets could place How to Stay Sane on the empty hand sanitiser shelves? Or free chocolate.  Or fags.)
I can send you over some soap if you like.
Lol nope, just had a look to add to my order! Nope that's not happening
Because obviously @BorisJohnson is at fault, he is CEO of Procter&Gamble
Use soap and water then.
What's got to do with Boris
Why you including @BorisJohnson
Waste of time anyway...it’s a virus, not bacterial. Keep washing them hands!!
He drank it all
Soap?
Why tell the PM, petty creature?
Not sure Boris will let you have any of his - best try @BootsUK
soap and water are the most effective ...and plentiful...
The coronavirus is a ?????Hint, it's in the name.
How do u know that?
I’ll tell you what we’ll do. We’ll march on Downing Street, waving banners and chanting your name, and demand that he personally delivers, to your front door, a brand new bottle just for you. There, now will that make you feel important enough?Join the real world - muppet!
use soap you silly woman.
What an absolute tool.
Why blame the Pm  ...
Soap and warm water and clean your hands correctly not just a lick and dry.
Unbelievable
"Bacterial handwash"?It's a virus, muppet
Why are you telling Boris?
It is said that if the world would ever enter a crisis scenario were the people would have to fend for themselves, toilet paper would become a luxury & would become a great trading item in exchange for much needed supplies
What do you expect the PM to do? Set up a stall in Walford to sell the stuff to blond airheads and members of the Leftwaffe only?
Use soap
I've just run out of toothpaste, how could you let this happen?!@BorisJohnson
Ahh diddums, there’s alway soap and water
Why are @BorisJohnson ing.Does he own your local chemist. Is he responsible for soap stocks, should he have demanded that coronavirus just wait a few weeks before coming to UK so we could build up handwash for a bunch of daft luvvies who do not know how to use soap and water.
What's it got to do with the PM?
Just wash your hands with soap, works better.
Sit Kevin on the roof .
Blame the knobheads in London not Boris
How is that down to Boris? Did he but the last bottle in front of you in the shop? FFS!
Unless it's 60% alcohol, it's going to do nothing anyway.
Anti bac does not kill it.
My daughter has just had the same problem in Berlin, world wide panic!
Wash your hands-it’s a virus not an infection
anti bac is useless against viruses petal
You think @BorisJohnson has some? Does he make it? Ship or sell it? Fatuous tweet. Absolute drivel #getagrip #FactsNotFear #blamegame #Corvid19UK #CoronavirusOutbreak
And you tagged @BorisJohnson for?
I’m sure I’ve got a car. Got a car key anyway. We can do this #buyingfood
And Sainsbury cleared out of every cleaning product going. Has everyone lost it completely?
Yes. Except me. I went to an art gallery this morning and mingled.
Maybe some nearby person could tell him not to boom at low paid shop workers who have no right of reply or means of escape.
Use vodka.
Seeing as your unable to do your own research without asking our Prime Minister. The advice is to wash your hands & it’s just as good. Your welcome
WTF has that got to do with Mr Johnson ?
What the hell does that have to do with Boris Johnson?!
Send Kevin out with mini panniers and a list and twenty quid tucked in his collar down to the corner shop.
You can get it online at £20 a small bottle, or you could just wash your hands. Anti bacterial hand wash against a virus is no more effective than soap & water. A virus attaches itself to cells and usually reprograms them to reproduce itself. Just keep clean.
All you need is a bar of soap wash your hand a for twenty seconds and rince
Confirmed - End of the is Nigh Will anti bacteria hand wash kill a the virus?? Just wash your hands thoroughly !
So use soap.  Hand gel is no magic cure, whatever did you wash your hands with before this outbreak?
Despite the fact it is made in Australia.
what on earth do they think will happen ?
What exactly do you expect Boris to do? Really Michelle ???
May I suggest lemon zest blended with Himalayan pink salt  and a little water ...... or just stop being a shrill snowflake
It doesn’t need to be anti-bacterial handwash as it’s a virus not a bacteria, ordinary soap will do and use hand gel when soap is not available #handwashing
I find a rather nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc does the trick! Do not waste it on your hands though, it's a terrible waste!
Just wash your hands
It's no worse then the flu do not panic it wo not kill you
Got plenty of deterrents....if you know what i mean....lol
Yeah ...pity I cant grow toilet paper...lol
pee wipes.. then NP.
Soap??
It’s crazy here in London. Everyone I meet says they aren’t going to be fooled into panic buying yet the shelves are emptying.
I’m wondering what people used before.
Same panic buying happening in London, ON. CTV should look into that as well, especially in Costco. Disinfectant wipes and toilet papers are disappearing from shelves real fast.
Nothing to do with Boris for a start!!  And Anti bacterial/hand sanitiser, does not work against #Coronvirus Its a Virus  Use soap and hot water for 20 seconds, like the rest of us..
Soap and water does the same job....Per Chief Medical Officer for Scotland
And there was I supporting your reasoning for sending your daughter to Private School and you make a fool of yourself suggesting Boris should be running Palmolive, Carex or Cussons.
Try soap!
While changing tv channels earlier I read ‘Coronavirus Street’ instead of Coronation Street. True. I have therefore decided not to watch the news for a while...
Hahahaha, hey Boris get some handgel in mate.
please tell me this is a parody?!
Are you suggesting he bought them all
Sat watching Sheffield Wednesday trying to score against man city and they ca not!!!!! @BarackObama
Maybe to wrap cannelloni bottles and spaghettis?
God dam it, Boris bought all the anti-bacterial hand wash again
Why ask him? We are not in China - plenty on its way
Or play : #ReturnOfTheMummies!
Cool story
Don’t panic use vodka
It’s ok, it’s a virus not a bacterial infection so old fashioned soap and hot water works fine
Shitty day!?
And the bags for life...you’ll have to remember where the bags for life are...
Silly cow.
You do not need it.
Cos they're Shi**ing themselves?
What's it got to do with Boris?
Wtf is anti bacterial hand wash going to do?
What's Boris Johnson got to do with shops running out of anti-bac handwash?
What do you expect Boris to do?
How’s that Boris’s fault
It’s best to wash ur hands in soap and water. What’s theBoris connection, do u seriously think a Prime Minister is in charge of shop supplies ??
Just a quiet word...Corona is not a bacteria, it's a virus...Soap and water works a treat.
Amazon do next day delivery ya fool
Why do people keep retweeting and liking this crap!
Antibacterial hand wash to kill a virus?
Wire brush and dettol
Wear gloves & wash your hands regularly is all you need to do
Antibacterial handwashes kill viruses. Despite that bonkers tweet from the student at the weekend who claimed to be a scientist this is still the case. Michelle's tweet is somewhat bizarre though...she seems to think Boris is Reg Holdsworth.
Drop everything Boris!!  Michelle is out of hand wash.. use soap
Good thing Coronavirus is not a bacterium then
I'll get onto Boris straight away and order him to find you a couple of bottles and deliver them to your doorstep. Pffft!
I've run out of twiglets... None in the shops...Why @BorisJohnson why!!!!
Er, what’s this got to do with Boris Johnson? He doesn’t own or work for Johnson & Johnson does he?
If it gets bad enough that supply chains, including transportation, are interrupted, you’ll find out.
It would of happened if they had stopped people coming from Italy when they had known about it now its every where across British empire now it could put us into recession
Because of people like this ........
explain to me just how exactly is his fault ?
Why not blame @SadiqKhan ......... Just as ridiculous !!
Have you tried soap? It works.
The information is out there.
Come on you can comment without calling them silly,  they maybe genuinely worried.
You were trying to buy this stuff from Boris?
And ?
Drama Queen
Asda had no Pepsi Max on the weekend all sold out!!!I’ll not be blaming the PM though as that would be stupid.
Haha, why’s it Boris Johnson’s fault, surly it’s all the sheep panic buying,or is Johnson a secret antibac dealer?
They’re in the car
Boris. You forgot to order the soap. Failed again.  bad boris.
Save your money and just wash your hands properly. I guess most snowflakes will not know how to do that
Have you never heard of soap and water
Buy tea tree essential oil and make your own
The brains on it!  So our PM needs to stack the shelves at Waitrose now?Get a grip!!!!!!
Blame it onto selfish and pathetic panic buyers!
Trying to fathom the logic of blaming the PM, did not realise he was personally responsible for the supply chain of goods. Plus it's a virus, not a bacteria.
Why not blame @SadiqKhan instead
Treat yourself to a bar of soap then just as good
I’m no fan of BoJo, but what do you expect him to do.Literally shitout handwash?Or would you prefer an emergency planning order to build a handwash factory on your doorstep.
The Prime Minister is now responsible for items on supermarket shelves? Get a grip woman!
Just use soap and water fgs!  Sanitiser has to have more than 60% alcohol to be any good and anti viral too!
Supply and demand dearie, supply and demand!
Use soap possibly!!
yet another Government oversight...
Now is the time to rediscover the delights of daily shopping with a string bag in each hand
Use soap !!!!!
I’m zone E?
Just try soap and water .....or are you too precious?
Wash your hands...frequently!
Numpty
Anti-bacterial handwash is useless against a virus unless it contains 90% alcohol. Which most brands don’t. Use soap & hot water. Sorted.
Yep I’m with you on this Boris hasn’t stopped the floods, failed to stop the virus, hasn’t halted the BBC bias and made Spurs lose last night. Total catastrophe awaits if he doesn’t stop the frog and locust plagues
Antibacterial hand wash not so useful against a virus
Always looking to blame somebody.
Jesus - wtf has this got to do with BoJo - he’s the PM. It the logistics manager for Boots.
Its not Boris who is buying it by the shopping trolley load.Its prob your neighbour or dot down the street.Cant believe how selfish some people are
How do you not know how to wash your hands at your age! Why not use soap, water and a scrubbing brush like a person with common sense? And why believe the scaremongering
Use soap.
I know many on the left want to curtail freedom of speech, after reading reading this tweet it’s hard to disagree
Oh dear. Next time i see Boris driving the truck, then stacking the shelves, ill remind him he needs to make sure anti bacterial hand wash is in central London for you luv.
Why you retweeting this surely you found a supermarket that has some by now and sorry but @BorisJohnson too busy to do your shopping has more important things to do
Bloody hell Boris ! Get your act together for Christ’s sake ... can’t get anti bacterial wash,  in Tokyo either, and don’t get me started on the lack of face masks or loo paper !
That went well for you didn’t it ?
What has Boris got to do with hand gel?
Hoping an anti-bacterial would kill a virus would be like taking a knife to a gunfight.
Yes! How dare the PRIME MINISTER of the country not ensure every shop in the country has ordered enough hand wash!!! What is he thinking! Best start a vote of no confidence eh?
Sugar in the cupboard is low as well All Boris's fault, Cant blame Mrs May now !
Bless
The experts have said it’s not necessary, ordinary soap & water will do if you wash properly. Like the unnecessary masks but someone somewhere is making a lot of money out of it.
Soap and water a bit too tricky for you then
@misscollins so you don’t have hot water and soap then??? Some how I think you need to aim that comment at the people buying them, not the Prime Minister!
Don’t start - #panicbuying means Australia has run out of #toiletpaper as people have bought up all the supplies.
You win twitter with the most ridiculous tweet of the day...well done
Running out of condoms as people are using them on their fingers https://thesun.co.uk/news/11095937/condoms-sell-people-fingers-bizarre-avoid-coronavirus/amp/…
Because daft people have gone and bought more of the stuff they actually need.
Use soap and water for 20s, it works better. In-between, do not touch your mouth, nose or eyes.Simple.
Just go for a wash in the Thames "kills all known germs DEAD!".
You silly woman!
No, toilet paper is the new penny dreadful (or Ulysses)
Don’t start that again
Happy birthday yesterday Gillian
Good idea !!
Very sensible. The worst thing in a crisis is to run out of books to read!
Who are you? And did you know that soap and hot water work well?
Perfect!
I got a nice email today from Woolworths CEO about what they are doing.
Probably because London is full of Australians - maybe they're buying it and sending it home
The emptiness of this shelf suggests that some of the staff may not be enforcing the "2 packs per person" law very strictly...
For paracetamol, obvs. People can buy as much soap as they jolly well like. I will admit to buying a couple of bottles of hand sanitiser whenever I see it. With a disabled/long term sick wife, we ca not be too careful.
Carex hand wash is on special offer in Stroud Tesco, plenty on the shelves! Only 1.5 hours by train.
Pasta stocks a few days ago in our local Sainsbury's. Although it may be because it comes from Italy
Waitrose Canary Wharf is like a ghost town, lots of supplies there!!
As a pharmacist pointed out on here this morning, buy soap!
Panic buying in full swing in North London. It was like Christmas week trying to get a parking space at the supermarket and staff were very harried.
And now what’s described as an EMERGENCY delivery of multi-pack loo rolls, shelf emptied in minutes. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WHAT IS HAPPENING TO US?
I am finally going to learn how to use my pasta machine hurrah
Just seen a woman with an entire trolley full of water bottles. Three solid months of fecking rain ; people are PANIC BUYING WATER  This country has gone mad.
Absolute idiots, makes me so cross
Christ on a bike
My dad reports a lack of loo rolls in the Ealing branch of Waitrose too
Nah. He wouldn’t be allowed. Spreading the germs about you see
Middle class panic!
Never seen anything like it. I just popped out to get bread ; eggs ; people are literally losing their shit. Elderly guy upset, just wanted one pack of paracetamol for himself ; his wife ; there’s not a single tablet left, only Anadin. FFS.
Couple in Sainsbury's yesterday buying eight nine-roll packs of loo roll.
Yep, I can believe that. Just seen similar here plus a few people with ENTIRE TROLLEYS full of bottled water
Just wondering if there’s a correlation between those panic buying loo rolls, soap ; paracetamol with those who said they’d be quite happy to do without food ; medicine in the event of a No Deal because, you know, SOVEREIGNTY.
Only looks like it’s a run on toilet paper by midgets... still plenty on the top shelf
Similar carry on at Chester Sainsbury’s...
Bought a packet of paracetamol in Nottingham. Assistant suggested I get two before the hysteria starts here.
Fortunately my pre-Brexit cache of loo rolls (dating from mid ‘19) will keep this household in comfort for a while!
That is ridiculous!
It goes to show how rubbish some folk are at washing their hands normally.
Friend reports Sainsbury in Exeter out of loo paper and hand soap!!! Don’t panic Mr Mannering!
So it looks like people are intending on self-quarantining for about 3 months judging by the way the shelves have been stripped at the supermarket  Shelves empty for pasta/pasta sauce, tinned tomatoes, flour and baking stuff, soups, bread, antibacterial wipes #CoronaLife
dafuq! think of vulnerable people and lonely pensioners who can only make a trip to the supermarket once a week or a fortnight finding they have to come back again to finish their shopping!
There was some loo roll in Waitrose TW1 earlier today. I bought a pack. But I did not buy the entire shelf's-worth. I can understand stock-piling a bit of paracetamol though - if you get the bug you'll need a LOT of it!
I know. People are insane. No need for this behavious at all -:(
Although in normal times I think they limit how much you can buy in one place just in case someone’s planning to OD. Grim days.
This is ridiculous
Ah just been to Waitrose and the toilet roll aisle was empty and person in front of me at the till had 6 bottles of Carex hand wash.
It’s unbelievable.... whole counters empty  I don’t even think there has been any cases in this area  There were even people wearing masks in there too...
So what your saying is, the end of the world will occur by us all dying of the squits!
Looks like it.
Eeee! 6 bottles of handwash ... Like, how many hands do they need to wash in the next month or so?
HUSH!!! Do not tell them!!!
IF you have a pound shop nearby, have a look. Handwash, pasta, soap. Fingers (carefully sanitized) crossed.
The Germans have a cuddly word for it: hamsterkeufen, hamster-buying (better known as hoarding).
No hand wash and the loo rolls had almost disappeared in Sainsbury’s this morning
The thin veneer of civilisation. Despairing.
FFS Londoners calm down! #panicbuying
There are no words.
we have plenty of tinned brussels sprouts here in the Limousin so who's laughing now....:o
I went to my Pottery class and tried some slip work inspired by @Alan_Measles. Can’t be doing with buying loo paper.
Same here in Germany
There was no tomato ketchup in my cupboard @BorisJohnson
Did a month of them pal
Same in Chichester Sainsbury’s yesterday...
Don’t be an idiot!!  You may spread ‘fake news’ but I don’t  Photos are mine, taken today in my local supermarket...
Some old Doris from the telly years ago, who has obviously discovered that obscurity does not pay.
And pasta ... gone!
Sounds like a plan!
WTAF!
Or use your imagination. Hands can be washed with shampoo, washing up liquid etc. nobody stockpiling those yet!
Exactly the same in the Sainsbury’s and Tesco near me. Empty shelves and people in a state. No pasta or rice either
honest to GOD
Seems to be spreading faster than COVID-19.
I heard that pesto is the must have culinary equivalent of hand sanitiser, can that be right?! Presumably to eat with all that pasta..... saw a comment the other day about an associated condition 'Andrexia Nervosa'
And there's none of all those silly pasta shapes I've never understood.
And we’re not even mid way through the epidemic/ pandemic yet!
Looking forward to series 2 ; 3 of Corvid-19 *grits teeth*
Absolute scenes in Cardiff as people don’t panic buy toilet paper... have seen similar images in Gloucestershire as well
I have wine, I have beer, I have chocolate hobnobs and I have toilet roll. I am, indeed, cracking on
To be fair, we're cracking on down here as well.
At least we'll be prepared when the shit hits the fan
As always
The thing is, I ALWAYS have at least a months supply of bog roll - it doesn’t go off ; people always need it, even if I die with a cupboard full it’ll be easy to donate. A small luxury, a privilege to have the few extra ££, but not unusual... maybe Londoners have no space for it?
Empty shelves in Lidl in Peckham. But that’s entirely normal. #whoeatsallthechickpeasinPeckham
Empty shelves in Stafford !!
Some Mancunians seem to have had panic buying as well, according to my timeline. But does seem to be a London and Manchester thing.
Hardly any in my local Aldi in Llantrisant yesterday
I had that corona virus, but being northern I just had an ice bath (took the coal out of the tub first), took my pigeons for a walk, and had a slice of well-brewed tea. Needless to say it soon buggered off. Southerners take note.
Newport, South Wales....!
Not in Gloucestershire
Less of the anti-London bias, please.We're not all morons here - we voted overwhelmingly to remain, do not forget.One or two pictures of empty shelves at the end of a trading day does not constitute mass hysteria. In London or anywhere else.
The pasta aisle begs to differ.....
No panic in Lidl Hackney yesterday to be fair
Jess was calling for people to come forward with their experiences of Priti Patel.Perhaps you can have a word (whilst she’s here) with this progressive why you think she has a problem with brown women progressing in politics.
Get kettle on. It’ll be reght.
I live in London and have done for nearly 30 years, but I have to say nearly everyone down here is awful. Just absolutely awful. Not me or my friends of course, but most of them are foul. Awful people. Debauched, corrupt, selfish, violent, perverted, depraved. You name it.
The supermarkets deliver. Self isolate and get deliveries. Am I missing the point?
You can even book an Ocado delivery for tomorrow evening in Moseley...
Severe shortage of butternut squash round here
Just getting on with things!
I have stacks at home. However, believe it or no, some of the supplies have to be consumed or replaced now due to best before dates.
The only ones panicking are the media wonks. No surprise there.
Crawley is outside London. Shelves of loo roll mainly empty. Also be paracetamol.
Sorry, not in Devon! Looking for a pack of 4 loo rolls, the supermarket only had 3 packs of 24 left, so had no choice but to bulk buy! A charity worker friend wanted sanitiser, absolutely none to be had. Maybe most of the public are finally not believing what this Govt says!
Where can I get some pigeons at such short notice? I wo not ask what brand the tea was
There is no panic buying here in the Netherlands.
I’m in London and I’m not panicking but thanks for your concern Jess.
because you were not stupid enough to vote for brexit
Everyone in Alfreton Derbyshire seems to be having Pasta month in March. Aldi, Tesco and home bargs shelves almost empty. People are thick!
If the food runs out, surely demand for toilet paper will reduce anyway.
Why are not the people on the checkout advised to restrict purchases? They scan these items thru the till. Should not be difficult to say no.
Sadly there not down here in Brighton the idiots have stripped the shelves of loo roll lol
Delivery drivers are a high risk for spreading disease and at catching it themselves. I do not think they should be delivering to someone self isolating
Round here we still use leaves. Bit rough come autumn, I grant you
In Sydney toilet paper unavailable due to panic buying cos some guy marooned in Wuhan tweeted he was running out of bog roll. I kid you not.
I went for a routine appointment at an eye clinic today. Hardly anyone had turned up and very few had had the decency to let them know. #COVID19
E-bay 4 x 500ml bottles hibiscrub 49.99! Loads on e-bay.
Cardiff and Gloucestershire *are* outside London
I bought lots of food because the cupboards are empty and I have a child returning from Uni and people were giving me calm down looks in Sheffield! Unavailable items - pesto, paracetamol and hand sanitizer
Shortage of Crunchy Nut Cornflakes in Selly Oak. Both Kellogg's and supermarket own brand. Good news is that all other cereals are in good supply.
You convinced me at Debauched...should I bring toilet rolls?
The Smooth Peanut Marmite had all gone in Lidl, I asked the manager when there would be more and he said, "We do not stock it!".  They were his exact words, I just bought four toilet rolls instead.
We’re cracking on in London, it’s (some bits of) the media that are cracking up
Yep. No panic buying in South Yorkshire #whatswrongwiththesepeople
Come on Jess. Don’t stoke the London vs everyone else narrative... More in common than divides us and all that
Sounds  like a Classic Dom statement.
Just been to my East London local Tesco. Boodles of bog-roll. We're cracking on too. The media are cracking up.
As per usual.
Perhaps they're just showing solidarity with Italy?
Or should that be when the shit hits the pan?
Is it because in London the shits going to hit first?
You can make Pasta from plain flour.Dont tell me there's panic buying of flour ?
It all seems fine where I am ( in London). People are joking about it.
We have to MAKE stuff now??!! What fresh hell is this? We're consumers now, not makers.
And these buggers might struggle. Bring it on
Imagine if we had had no deal and then this!
My toilet paper is aptly named#Corona
My stockpile has lots of basic ingredients designed around local fresh ingredients being available and prepping meals from scratch. Remembering how I felt with the flu, I’m now trying to get some ready to cook food organised and hoping we aren’t all sick at the same time.
Really? Where do you live? None of the supermarkets in SE London are even remotely sold out - of anything.Who's doing this panic buying?  Same shires dwellers who backed Brexit?
In Essex, sadly, they’re really really not just “cracking on” theyre panicking and cracking up!
Living in Dudley, I survived Swine Flu, I survived SARS, I survived MERS. I'm pretty sure I am going to survive Covid-19!
Yup, my little bit of the West Mids are keeping calm and carrying on. (Plus, I stockpiled for Brexit so I'm all good for the time being!)
Brighton shelves ridiculously empty.
I collected dry food since yesterday  the reason is #coronavirusI bought rice spices Beans Dry pasta  I concider to plant vegetables in my garden.
They'll be fine for age yet
200 loo rolls would last me about 16 years. What are you doing with them all?
My Sainsburys in South London is completely out of loo roll.
200 loo rolls???
"Smooth Peanut Marmite"I'm struggling to think of anything more grotesque that does not involve human waste
None of this nonsense in Evesham on today’s shop.
I think it's safe to say with the amount of tissue they now have it is off they are cracking.
Truly baffled. Why the obsession with loo roll?Coronavirus affects the throat and lungs.
Me too, although the pasta was the one thing I'd been steadily using up.Yesterday, the 3kg bags of pasta I normally buy were all gone, so I made up the weight with smaller packs. Today, there's only whole wheat pasta left.
I’m on benefits & I can’t afford to stockpile nor do I have the storage space. What do poorer people do?
Only seen the issue in Waitrose. The Tory Partys favourite supermarket.
Well stocked with both loo rolls/kitchen rolls in my local Aldi and Iceland earlier tonight!! #noprobs !!
200 loo rolls! I am obviously a complete beginner at this.
This is Nuneaton, no loo roll, baked beans, pasta or paracetamol!
Hi, are we ok to use these photos with an article? Thanks in advance
@latikambourke
Breaking News Jess ... Most Londoners could give a shit either!
I reckon reporters/photographers are trawling the whole country for empty shelves causing a panic imho
Thanks for the quick delivery here in Sydney @simongriffiths. I actually dropped a bag into Ch 9 when I was on air this morning. Such a perfectly appropriate, relevant, considerate (and entertaining) gift...
Happy to help - thanks for sharing the love!
Do not spew excrement on your day off
Chest infection ! Why do you need 200 loo rolls  FFS! Stop this ridiculous panic buying ! That causes supply problems for the supermarkets.
It’s the London Blitz spirit we’ve been hearing about, from all those people that didn’t live through the Blitz.
It’s gone stupid down in Bournemouth. The Sainsburys only had a few rolls left. People need to get a sense of perspective and stop being selfish. There’s enough to go round if people were sensible.
Hello Liz - Can we use this photo? Will credit you. Thanks.
I used my brexity cupboard when i lost my job earlier last yr. I had not had funds to replace yet. Ca not buy loo roll. Probably coz the quitlings panic bought it. Please can someone tell my why they think their arses are going to fall out?
As long as they have something to wipe the crack as they are cracking on.
How long are those people planning to self isolate?
Madness! Same scenes in our local Tesco and Sainsbury’s, although Aldi still had stocks of everything (including anti-bac wipes) yesterday. Perhaps Aldi shoppers are less prone to panic?
Run out of loo paper use glass :) Not that I would advise anyone to use glass on ones private bits!
They're all hoping for that 'light bulb' moment?
Possibly younger? Therefore not so concerned about going out to restock as usual.
Same in my local Waitrose.  I would have thought there are enough newspapers that can do the job just as well
Is it a London thing? No panic buying at my supermarket in the Midland
I'm not in London ...
Frascati is still open, if you don’t mind the ‘lady petrol’ type of wine.
As Chianti is from Tuscany we’ll probably be ok anyway anyone with any sense will have a couple of cases in the cellar
Where I live its panic stealing
DO NOT WIPE YOUR BUM WITH HUMMUS.
Waitrose has run out of hummus!
But not coconuts.
Will nobody save the quinoa!?
Have they any avocados left?!? That's the important question!
Noooo I forgot the hummus!!
I know, Chiswick Sainsbury’s ran out of tarragon too yesterday.
coming soon to ITV.....
Gonna need lots of bog roll with that combo
I bought an extra hummus yesterday
My local town summed up by empty shelves of toilet roll and soap dispensers... in waitrose; the home of bulk buying.
I love these 1st World problems
Can you wipe your bottom with those products as well?
Heinz beans and Nivea deodorant according to my missing items off shopping order today. Who knew northerners used deodorant????
My Sainsbury's ran out of avocados. Truly these are the end of days.
There’s a run on lemon drizzle at Nikki’s apparently.
They'll be flinging themselves off the flyover above the Hogarth Roundabout!
In Fife, the supermarket shelves are completely clear of soap. This is normal. #soapdodgers
No  or  here...
As an American, I'm just going to nod my head and laugh like I understand the joke.
Not a single loaf of sourdough left in my local shop.
Trouble is I'm not sure you're joking
Hummus and coconut water? Check“Get the car keys love we need to go back to tesco!!”
All the cans of mushy peas have gone in Wigan
Here in Abu Dhabi muscle cars and shisha are in very high demand...
It's all kelp jerky and guava vinaigrette in my corner shop
Are you in Poundland again
I just panic bought some Chateaubriand. If there’s gonna be an apocalypse might as well enjoy it!
The bog roll hoarders should be forced to use this for six months as punishment!
In Esher they're panic buying paper doilies and pink gin
Only the essentials!
The joke is your lot are panic-buying ammo
They’d run out of digestives and other non fancy biscuits in the big supermarket in #Walthamstow yesterday. Priorities.
glasgow bereft of deepfried mars barsi hope you feel our pain
According to local Facebook, the Ealing branch was out of pasta and anchovies - self-isolating while enjoying Pasta Puttanesca?
This could be the name of their children.
And in Aylesbury, they’re panic buying MDF and Tory manifestos.
Guinea Land In Chiswick old chap.
Has the Pesto already sold out then?
Chiswick has changed since I moved out
Is someone food mapping this - I really hope so
In Waitrose, Bath, they've run out of lentils.
No tonic water in my local Sainsbury's. Now that's panic...
Do not laugh, some of us still remember the falafel riots of '95..
We’ve run out of pomegranates in Cambridge... oh the humanity... I’ll have to put frozen raspberries in her Prosecco now...
I was safer three weeks ago in Thailand.No panic buying there and now I am forced to self isolate for a third week by nervous friends and colleagues.
No Fray Bentos pies like in Burnley
You made me choke then! I'd just taken a spoon of cereal and read that hahahahaStill coughing!
Speaks volumes.
Top tip... when the avocados have the little ‘reduced’ label on them they are nearly always perfectly ripe...
And Muswell Hill too....  @FindaisMartin
And they probably will need a fair bit of bog roll too after consuming that leathal cocktail.
Today, I will mostly be panic-buying .... shoes.
It’s dried milk here in Stockport, you won’t catch us lot going without a brew!
Here in West Berkshire our Co-Op ran out of sour cream
In thinking of setting up an app that locates essentials during this time of crisis. Where the nearest quinoa or avocado etc is available. Any ideas for a suitable name?
(Buy tins of chickpeas, they last longer. Make your hummus when you want)
Well hummus I can understand
Well, if the time comes are they really prepared to kill a wild Coconut !
Avocado in Godalming for the kids breakfasts
and  in my area.
Wait until the avocado riots in Crouch End
I panic bought some nice flowers from the station yesterday.
They were out of oat milk in West Bridgford, Notts
I'm concerned that people are not thinking things through properly . It's all very well stockpiling tomato puree but have they put together their plan for post-apocalyptic life? Would it better to get a Jersey cow or a couple of goats for the back garden?
Its no joke, people in genuine need of something piquant to snack on are having to go without ! #hummuspanicbuying #poetrycompendiumpanicbuying
I went up to Harrogate and people were stockpiling bidets.
I’m still scarred by the 2011 Winchester pesto riots.
Cat fights breaking out over the last if the quinoa..
Can’t find an avocado
During the Beast from the East I panic-bought miso. I was taking them to the till and finally, after years of dithering, accepted I was officially middle class.
Hi Richard  are you doing a series four of house of games Charlotte
Coconut water is good...
It all seems a bit pointless to me
and couscous in Salisbury!
I confess; I bought two cartons of organic oat milk yesterday.
Fnar
In Rutland its hand soap, loo roll & tonic water.
I just panic bought 7 bottles of Sake from Waitrose!
How ever will they wipe there arses. Foolish middle classes, food before poops, what are they thinking!  I've got 272 rolls of bog roll, I'll be fine.
I panic bought Doritos and salt and vinegar sticks... It's all about priorities
In Strathbungo (south side of Glasgow) it's keffir grains and chia seeds.
As long as Crepe Affiare is still open I’m happy.
I have panic bought toilet roll, cherry bakewells and beer, you can take the girl out of Doncaster....
Lowered myself to buying loo paper from the Tesco local in W4, M&S + Waitrose sold out, hope no one saw me :/
In our local Tescos all of the luxury loo rolls were sold out- only the cheap stuff was left. I was quite pleased - made me think I live somewhere posh!
The bread flour is disappearing from the shelves in Richmond
And chia seeds and avocados.
I'd be panicking if I realised I was buying #hummus and #coconutwater
You should see what they’re doing in Beckenham
M&S Streatham Hill.
Here in #Kent they are panic buying beer, god forbid it that ever run out in this brewing county
Now I'm not into panic buying  - but there are exceptions. My girls ca not go without their din-dins! #coronavirus #COVID19 #panicbuying #cats #catsofinstagram #CatsOfTwitter
In Bradford, they are panic-buying thin air..
I've panic bought vodka, gin, rum and tequila. If I'm going to have to self-isolate and become an island; might as well make it a Long Island, of the ice tea variety
They’ve moved on here to panic buying pillows
There’s a garlic shortage where I live.....are we expecting Dracula next?
They are not... Fibber...
you can tell the area u live in
I hear that it's Olive Oil and Pesto in Camden!
In Lincolnshire it's eggs!
Cant get quinoa for love nor money in most parts of Surrey
I'm on my way to Aldi to panic buy vodka and chocolate, bring it on!
In Genteel @westgateonsea it’s @bovril and @contipads
An Oxford comma would have helped that sentence.
Sparkling water in my neighbourhood- “oh no, no more bubbles”
It’s lucky I don’t live in Chiswick then
They can definitely have my ration of coconut water, just lay off the bags of dried chickpeas.
Wonder what @Aldi is having a run on?
Organic hummus I hope
I've got my supply of whisky in
What? Not getting the au pair to make the hummus for them?
Just visited my Mum in Mitcham SE London.They are panic buying Stella and Pot Noodles.
Essence de Boudin Noir
You can’t get organic pasta for love nor money in Twickenham Waitrose.
@PottersBar_3050 has toilet rolls flavoured with coconut oil this morning. I can put these back in the cupboard stockpile now.
I feel slightly awkward, as I usually empty the shelf of coconut water during the three days every month Waitrose reduce the price to £2.50.
Hummus, with it's super short shelf life. Clearly Chiswick is not home to seasoned preppers!
With impeccable manners if Gails yesterday is any guide
If they are doing that in Chiswick, what do you think is happening in Richmond and Barnes ? I was there yesterday and the Quinoa Sourdough, Pheasant Eggs and Brusselmole was being fought over my middle classladies in wellies and scarfs.
If you lived in Esther you would be addicted to gin too !!
There’s a high demographic of pensioners here & tinned fruit seems to be a popular panic buy along with paracetamol
The companies who make sanitising gel must be rubbing their hands together.
Only artisanal, hand made Hummus. There’s still plenty of machine made happy shopper stuff
In Southampton our Chinese owner is panic selling the football club
No point going to Sainsbury’s, there’s nothing there!
It's rhubarb in Wakefield !
Do not give panic people ideas please. Its bad enough with toilet rolls and soap.
What else do you need in a crisis?
And good Brie
Is that a toilet roll scent or flavour?
I like coconut water,
A few chickens too
In Tesco here the alcohol is flying off the shelves! Panic buying? Oh,wait, it's the weekend...phew
In Richmond it’s tonic water.
Someone told me that in Bondi there was plenty of normal UHT milk on the shelves but all the UHT almond milk was gone. Something tells me it's a similar demographic?
Think I will be panic buying titanic plumb porter this afternoon
Ooooooo no I’m going to be in Chiswick tomorrow should I take red cross food parcels with me
In Morrison's Wolverhampton the Foie Gras shelves have been stripped bear.
New Game Show idea - Stockpile Swapsies? I'll swap my hummus for two of your toilet rolls.
And in Doncaster we just stockpile the only brew worth having...
I’ve noticed panic buying of baked beans and toilet rolls ...
I’m panic buying wine (I’m always panic buying wine!!!)
I will be stockpiling dog food for when we go full #madmax
If the hummus runs out there is always baba ganoush
Chiswick supermarkets are low on pasta too. Why are people panicking?
My local M&S has run out of almond biscuits - loving some people’s priorities at the moment
Think it maybe a good idea to get rid of over ordered stock just post there is a shortage of it and people panic buying it
What about the essentials like asparagus tips and quinoa?
Wish there was a laughing button!
Are you sure that’s not picnic-buying?
Mmmmm hummus and coconut water - must be cashed up buyers then
Yep, tastes yummy & no wonder it’s being stock piled!
It was green peppers by me
No grain left behind.
I’m going with HS&T (Hand Sanitiser and Tonic) and washing my hands with Sipsmith.
Better stock up on pesto and kale while you can!
Similar scenes in Cheshire, just with Land Rovers and gymkhana rosettes.
In Minnesota, the number of people applying for conceal and carry permits has increased dramatically. That’s not concerning.
But not panic buying Holy water as it is being removed from the fonts....
Of the organic variety no doubt!
How boring, stock up on Gin, savoury snacks, tonic etc and oh yes more gin cheers
I’d be stockpiling tea, coffee, uht milk and biscuits. I could quite happily live off these things.
Us when toilet rolls are back on the shelves.
And a l’orange sauce?
Amateurs....kettle chips and beef dripping Yorkshire puds are far higher on the essentials list!
Dirty beggars
This month, I have mainly been panic buying malt whisky!
in devon shops filled with toilet paper and anti-virus wipes............ still on the shelf......... because we are not into panic buying
Not sure we should be joking about panic buying ..... it seems to inspire the idiots to do so
Really? Oh, the horror!
that’s really made me laugh, thank you
Mostly done by @tSHandJ 's Andy Jacobs
Too much of that and they will have the squits and as everyone that knows knows that leads to Coronavirus
Corned beef and Vimto here
Yes I know, they told me an hour ago, that a very tall man with black rimmed glasses and wearing a Fulham scarf, came in and cleared the shelves. They did say however he left all the taramasalata !
On Thursday, I thought "Do we need more toilet paper?" I clearly gave myself the wrong answer since it appears to have disappeared from the face of the Earth. Do not panic buy and you're the one that suffers.
@olivebutch
must be waitrose
Wirral here: Fray Bentos pies and UHT milk.
Is brioche still available ?
Crumbs Lentils, forgot about them, have tons of Pesto though.
Welcome to Chiswick ..,
Truffle oil in short supply!!
#urban decline
I panic bought myself a birthday card. My birthday is not until the summer but you can never be too safe. I prefer to receive a self isolated card.
Pulses are racing
And the Avocados, do not forget the Avocados.
Waitrose by any chance?
Gin and Frozen Itzu Gyoza in Kent.
It’s @YorkshireTea in Halifax!
In sydenham it was bread flour.
Went shopping at 8pm last night in Hyde, Cheshire. Toilet rolls ok but no hand wash. Didn’t need it anyway but who are these dolts?
Stop talking about it that creates the damn problem in the first place!!
Funny but most likely true. It is madness,not everyone can afford to buy the basics let alone stockpile.
Waitrose Canary Wharf - whole aisle emptied of toilet rolls earlier today.
All good in Birmingham, plenty of beer and coffee on the shelves
Yesterday in Waitrose Putney the (adult) paracetamol and ibuprofen shelf was empty. Only sorry I didn’t take a pic.
Oh yes - Burnley Aldi seemed unaffected yesterday!
Parents in Yorkshire reported that not one single roll of loo roll of any colour was to be had in Otley Waitrose earlier this week (they bought some in Aldi)
Have some pics and info happy to share if your drop me a DM (work in the industry) so have been tracking
No pasta in Ealing Broadway Tesco yesterday.
Did all my shopping fine in Penrith yesterday. Just no hand gel in evidence. Shops were busy though!  Plenty of loo rolls!
And I took this pic on 29 February
Please don’t run out of Sour Dough ...
The flour aisle at Margate Sainsbury’s was bare. Suddenly everyone’s a home baker...
Sainsbury’s Altrincham, loo roll and kitchen roll aisle - ridiculous!!
(This is Canadian anecdota, so prob irrelevant, but...) My mum went to big-box store, found entirely empty shelves; I went to small local pharmacy & everything was available: loo paper, sanitizer, soap. (All except the badge saying 'I'm not panic-buying, I just need bog roll.')
Now if ever there was a need to stockpile toilet roll, it's after consuming those two! #panicbuyers #toiletpaper #m_m_m_mycorona
Waitrose Christchurch without a sheet of loo roll... they even had to close the facilities
Ca not get expensive prosecco for love nor money in Lewes..... and as for truffle oil, forget it.
Loop paper available in Ealing. No empty shelves either.
Most antibacterial household cleaning products (Dettol kitchen spray etc) wiped from the shelves in Tesco, Catford
Yes pls. Now following you.
Toilet paper and canned tomatoes low at Brent Park Tesco! Eggs also seemed to be very popular.
Waitrose in High Barnet are limiting two packs of loo rolls per customer, except there’s none left today nor was there yesterday
Hertfordshire - only the expensive, artisan pasta left on the shelves!
There has been a big run on tinned tomatoes in #Hove. They cannot be had - "even for ready money".
Went to Tesco’s in Daventry, Northamptonshire yesterday. Everything seemed stocked as normal apart from the toilet paper isle, which was totally empty. Still had kitchen roll and wet wipes in stock though as back up options.
Seen nothing different.
Booths in Keswick was out of hand sanitizer (but not the more useful soap). Bog roll looked fine, perhaps a tad lower than usual but nothing too ludicrous. (More pertinently to me, no clothes brushes, and I was covered in mud and about to give a talk, DO not ASK).
I’ve actually randomly been in three supermarkets today. Not buying much or cos of panicking but because various plans changed and I needed various gifts for people - not loo roll haha - and the cleaning and paper shelves/aisles were wiped in all of them.
M&S in Brixton had empty shelves for loo paper today. Do not know about hand gel
Sainsbury's in Richmond have been selling out of toilet paper too. The petrol station over the road has plenty though
Waitrose Altrincham. NO loo roll , NO hand gel !
Shoe brush?
Baked beans, pasta, rice. Long term stuff in my experience.
Sainsburys, Norwich.
Edinburgh - no pasta in Lidl and no hand sanitizer or anti-bacterial wipes in Lidl, Aldi and Morrisons today. Plenty of toilet roll although people were stocking up on it with Morrisons and Aldi just leaving it on pallets.
Sainsbury's Beckenham Kent/south east London almost out of loo roll and zero hand sanitiser. Well stocked in all other aisles
Although, the nearby Aldi was FULL of everything. I like to think the staff were having some fun along the way with their placement.
Big Sainsbury’s in Burpham/Guildford yesterday am: no loo roll, very little pasta and, most worryingly, no aspirin/Panadol/Calpol etc.
Boxes of tissues still available. Wouldn’t want to put kitchen roll down the loo. U bend disasters on the horizon
South London seems to have followed the rest of the country into panic buying loo roll... this was Sainsbury's in Crystal Palace earlier. Everything else reasonably stocked though
Waitrose Swiss Cottage had no kitchen roll yesterday and no large packs (12/16roll) loo paper (happily aloe vero 9 roll available so the catastrophists are at the bulk bargain end of the market).
@LidlGB Brislington was calm this morning, people with toilet rolls in every trolley, but only one pack.
Tesco Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex - no paracetamol, loo roll, rice, pasta, cleaning supplies, hand gel, soap. Limited quantity of baked beans, jars of sauces and fresh milk and half depleted aisle of kitchen rolls.
Tesco in Ellon (NE Scotland) yesterday no soap or paracetamol.
My Ocado order this afternoon.
Brackley, Northamptonshire Waitrose at about 7pm last night....
Cheltenham Aldi packed to the rafters with toilet rolls. No shortages of other goods either
Maybe ask if anyone owns up to panic buying...and what the hell were they thinking.
Well as long as we have toilet paper theres no fear of surviving!!!
Loo roll and hand wash out of stock in our local Asda #Minworth and shortages of pasta and eggs!
Serious point here, I struggled to find a big jar of Marmite over the weekend. Had to resort to a squeeze bottle of the stuff as that, and the small jars, was all that I could find.
Sainsburys in Godalming had almost no loo role ... but the stuff left was recycled. So obviously the stockpilers are not environmentally concerned! Other shelves seemed fine
Tesco Wembley (the big one on the N Circular) was out of pasta lunchtime today + were limiting canned pulses to five tins per customer.
Absolutely.
Tesco Durham yesterday, Aldi Washington today, did not see any hand cleaner in either but everything else was available, no empty shelves.
Paracetamol and aspirin shelves, Waitrose, West Byfleet, Surrey, yesterday lunchtime
Excellent! We'll need for all those twitter Cheltenham Festival tipsters!
http://Tesco.com no delivery slots in my area available all week between 5pm and 6pm
Pasta panic @waitrose
Pain relief medication - in addition to an empty loo and kitchen roll shelf,  was no paracetamol or ibuprofen at Waitrose Raynes Park.  The lady at the check out in front of me was told to put one box of Lemsip Xtra strength as she had exceeded her dose
Pasta and shelves in Highams Park Tesco yesterday were completely cleared. Toilet roll aisle is being replenished but getting cleared v quickly. Same for paracetamol, not been able to get any all week. People are losing it.
Waitrose is Ipswich and Colchester had no loo roll or painkillers at all. Pasta depleted but ok. Same with milk and bread
Waitrose Wandsworth.
Randomly the same in Ipswich
Tesco Cheltenham today
Willesden Green Sainsbury's - pasta and soap sections empty.
In my local high street small shops there are loo rolls, medicines and no evidence of demand outstripping supply.  I chose not to buy loo roll today as saw there was a lot in store and we don’t need.  Shop local!
Panic buying of Soya Milk, Chickpeas and Hummous in #hebdenbridge
Pasta shelves in Tesco Ashby-de-la-Zouch have been empty since yesterday, toilet paper, bleach, anti bac sprays & wipes & paracetamols flying out too.
Big sainsburys near us out of: yeast and running low on flour, also beer, tonic water; pasta, rice, biscuits, washing up liquid, calpol. Small sainsburys within 5 mins drive had all these products. Maybe because of shorter supply chains?
Hand gel/wash gone in most places. Soap still available (although own brand cheap ones gone). Other than that seems ok.
I live in London fwiw but on the outskirts.
Waitrose in Greenwich sans loo roll
Sainsbury’s Winnersh. No toilet rolls, pasta or tinned veg
I’ve just seen @kellyrose tweeting about the profiteering of her local ‘bargain store’ selling hand wash for £9.99
It definitely seems to be a supermarket problem - went into Waitrose today and loo roll all but sold out, whilst £shop had plentiful supplies
I went to Tesco Sunbury yesterday - they were completely out of loo roll. Went to Morrison's Weybridge today - plenty. Seems patchy.
West Sussex - no loo roll in Aldi, tesco, Waitrose or Sainsburys. Pasta also very low.
Waitrose in North Finchley had virtually no toilet roll left at 9am on Friday, plus no paracetamol, hand soap or sanitizers and very little dried pasta and tinned tomatoes. Boxes and boxes of tissues though which was a surprise.
Morrisons in Watford, totally out of soap/handwash products.
What really amazes me is the combined panic buying of toilet tissue and white pasta. Really? Get with it. If you are eating that much pasta you'll be so bunged up that huge amounts of toilet tissue will not be needed!!!!
My Sainsbury’s local fully stocked today. Plenty on the shelves.
Just been to Tesco. Dried pasta aisle totally empty!!
Swansea has empty paracetamol shelves everywhere and pasta is running low (except wholewheat - we’re not that sort of a city!)
Chiswick Sainsbury’s was completely out of pasta yesterday. But plenty of loo roll.
Literally.
Small Devon branch of Waitrose perfectly normal except loo roll (none) hand sanitser (none), fusili & tagliatelli. Lots of paper towel, & other pasta. Lots of most things thankfully as village local bakes their own bread & could not find flour/yeast but this Waitrose had it.
Portsmouth (video courtesy of @erinleahy16)
Porridge and Pasta in Purley Tesco!
@NickHutsonMusic can you confirm
Leighton Buzzard Tesco had no Tomato Passata (whut!?), all ice cream gone in the freezers, all eggs gone (which is odd as they don’t last), all bleach and all strong nurofen from the pharmacy!
Waitrose in Sherborne
Waitrose in Brighton was out of every kind of lentil & low on kitchen towel & loo roll today
Haha.  Was in marks earlier.  They were in stock but there had very little stock of organic avocados and vegan, soy based and gluten free baby milk.  Was most perturbed.
In Dunstable Lidl on Friday there were hardly any eggs and v little dried pasta or loo roll.
Sainsbury’s Fulham. No dry pasta nor tinned food (chopped tomatoes, lentils, chickpeas, tuna...). Crazy really
Tesco Hoover Building were out of pasta!
Good idea. Cheap Vodka will work instead of hand gel
Pasta aisle in Sainsburys Alperton today  however the wholewheat stuff has been left untouched  similar scenes with tinned tomatoes and tuna!
Tesco, Aberdare. Bare shelves for loo roll* and pasta. Found some organic spaghetti, phew. Barely any hand wash dispensers left. Sweetcorn popular.*Was being replenished as I arrived, but average time of new rolls on shelf was 1.42 seconds.
It’s being part of the herd. At Christmas we queue for turkeys, at Easter it’s the last premium Harrod’s egg. Oh! Crisis? I’ll join the queue to be among other ‘early adopters’ for anything in short supply.
Tesco’s in Tring rationing baby formula to two boxes per family in addition to more usual toilet rolls, antiseptic wipes etc.
Bognor local coop rationing but no shortage of loo roll. Run out of hand wash but only a small store so prob only had small no of bottles in first place.
Online supermarkets hit as well, no slots on Ocado for a week and ppl are panic buying eggs
A Sainsbury’s and Waitrose in West Sussex yesterday...
My local Waitrose just before 4pm today. Zoom in & read the sign. Absolute insanity.
That sounds like the start of a @PamAyres poem Poppy :)
Morrisons in Newtown, Powys had sold out of anti-bac gel and most hand soaps last week. On the upside, we're surrounded by cows and sheep so we're not going to go hungry.
#locatemyplate ? (Patent pending )
Tesco on outskirts of Leeds yesterday. Yorkshire folk ensuring the essentials are stockpiled first
1/2 Royston, Herts. Tesco limiting cleaning products to 5 per person. Pasta shelves decimated (photo on BBC news website item - Coronavirus: Tesco limits sales of essential items https://bbc.co.uk/news/business-51790375…)...
2/2 Most controversial was the post on R’ston Reporting FB group from person asking parents not to let their children in trollies with their shoes on. Turns out she meant those that are stood in the trollies not those that are seated. Careless words costs lives.
Brixton Hill Sainsbury's was briefly out of bog roll. Only the cheap kind, there was still Andrex
Not in Wimbledon!
Lidl’s Torquay was fine this weekend
Waitrose delivery driver said yesterday he’d delivered £60 of dried pasta and £50 of cleaning products to one property - someone’s going to have some very clean pasta
Waitrose on Holloway Road had loads of loo rolls but no Dorset Cereals
Absolute embarrassment
That site is fantastic for evening entertainment, far cheaper than the cinema
Sainsbury in Dulwich had no loo roll no bleach or disinfectant. No pasta. No tinned tomatoes. No beans or chick peas dried or tinned.  No flour. Very little rice. Madness.
Check out the areas that voted to leave the EU
You need to think about culturally how we function. Punjabi folk, for example, stockpile every week on staple goods. We are watching panic buying and are bemused by it as we have a store cupboard, which is our mini mart.
Apart from the usual Handwash, cleansing wipes, toilet rolls etc I was surprised at the shortage of Chocolate on the confectionary aisle.
Hove had no loo roll at all and a sign apologising! Really glad we do not actually need any
Pasta as well in suseex
In Dudley, they’ve been panic buying pork scratchings. Tay roight.
Harry, sales of our Baker Street long life bread and Paul Hollywood part baked rolls spiked by more than 75% last week, indicating people are buying bread to keep in the cupboard.
I think panic buying is partially created by the media & social media talking about panic buying & showing pics of empty shelves. It would be better if media focused on repeating the govt advice , the boring stuff and stop being sensationalist.
Hardly any pasta, bread flour and own-brand paracetamol/ibuprofen in Tesco Amersham on Wednesday.
Asda Kingston . No loo roll or hand gel
No sign today AM at a large Sainsburys near Portslade.
At which retailer is this?
Noooooooooo, not scratchins as well. Is nothing sacred?
Loo roll, long life milk, flour, every hand washing item known to man, no bleach, no antibacterial Sprays (even though it’s not a bacteria) pasta, rice, tins all gone that was Tesco and sainsburys. Luckily I went to Lidl at 7am and bought my usual shopping.
In Edinburgh Asda it was mainly soap, hand sanitizer,  tinned tomatoes, and eggs that had been cleared out when I was there on Friday. I don’t know who is stockpiling eggs! Is the cure for Covid-19 a tomato omelette...
Lidl on old Kent road is cleared out of all cleaning products and toilet toll
On Thursday I had to go to six shops before I found one with paracetamol (I can’t take ibuprofen). That was 2 supermarkets, 2 pharmacies and 2 corner shops. (Edinburgh)
Porridge in Purley.
Waitrose low on olive oil, pasta and tomatoes. Run on biscuits too - chocolate digestives.
Tesco Harrow yesterday.
Pasta, pasta sauce, soap, toilet roll
I went to my local Asda superstore in Reading today and literally every single scrap of pasta was gone, and most of the tomato pasata and purée to go with it.
My local Sainsburys appears to have had a massive run on wine. Surrey residents know how to prepare the best.
Brighton Friday night https://twitter.com/BrightonNewsJo/status/1236015490415329286?s=19…Brighton today: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10159624788879535&id=323416319534…Eastbourne Waitrose fine today I'm told
Dried pasta in Middlesbrough Sainsbury’s on Friday.
Pasta! Except for the fancy ones made from lentils and whole grain rice...
Pasta (Leicester).
I can confirm from ground zero of the stupid shopping outbreak (Australia) that it continues. Local supermarket shelves still empty, queues outside, daily replenishment (there is no shortage in conventional terms) and yet....
Isle of dogs @asda is empty! Loo rolls, cleaning products, hand wash, fresh produce, bread, milk etc etc. It’s like the apocalypse is coming.
Today in ASDA (Luton) there was no bread left on the shelves. Panic buying bread will only be good for like a week (unless you're like my Nan who used to freeze it).
France, yesterday. It’s not a British thing and it’s not an altogether surprising thing.
You need to clean up.
My local Boots and Pharmacies in Epsom have  almost zero paracetamol and Calpol left. Was most surprised to see Calpol gone
Pasta. Rice. Flour. Paracetamol,  loo roll, dettol Wet.wipes... but loads of tissues still on the shelves South Wales on Saturday
Tesco in Sunbury was out of dried pasta but not Gnocchi.
Boots in Victoria is entirely sold out of hand sanitiser, cleansing wipes, antibacterial handwash, and sterile saline solution for contact lenses.
@cafemanipulatte is this true? If so, is Chiswick full of rich hipsters?
You put pomegranates in Prosecco? ?   Am I going to the wrong parties?
77 now !!!! I know you were in that aisle at Coles and they had none then come around and dug out one of my stash !!!! BUT ...you took the one that had been sitting on a battery....good luck with that...LMAO !!!
Pasta and Calpol!
Oh and we’re in Aylesbury
Exactly. This is what I have been preaching!It's not about what you think about the virus, it's what everyone else thinks.If you want your conveniences, you should have already bought, or get out there and buy.
In Dulwich Sainsbury’s it was loo roll/hand gel/soap/pasta/paracetamol/ibuprofen/bin bags. Spoke to staff: they said it felt like the apocalypse! Madness. And it’s contagious! There was literally one pack of spaghetti on the shelf so I thought I’d better but it but felt dirty :(
Mate...i got the lot....cattle....vegies...toilet rolls...toothpaste...hand wash....! 4 big freezers of food...PLUS  a LOT of rounds...lol....and Loyal..please dont say roos...yuck !!!! Lol
Brizzle is fine! Organic-no-dye-hemp-infused loo roll in good supply (love my new hippy city)
Good! It's best to just always be prepared, and us similar folks seem to have that built into our DNA.What do you mean no roos? Roo steaks, and roo sleeping bags... I'd be set.
Lol...you bugger....couldnt help yourself....and I live by the saying..to be forewarned is to be prepared.
As a family of 6, every weekly shop looks like I’m stockpiling everything. No pasta in our local Morrison’s yesterday- they were selling 500g bags at 2 for £1. The logic escapes me.
If you're interested in a more aggregate view of how the virus is affecting consumer behaviour:
Baby formula in short supply locally too. No toilet rolls but weirdly loads of toilet wipes left (and they were on offer).
Down in Sherborne, Dorset Waitrose shelves are empty, Sainsbury's is fine. Is there something in the different breed of shopper?!
@KSegedin
Pasta & rice, cleaning products
Seen a lack of pasta, rice and pesto in most supermarkets in the Kensington area! Waitrose and Tesco mainly where I’ve been. Also was told in Boots (Westfield) that the hand sanitiser sells out by lunchtime day!
Sainsbury's in High Wycombe on Saturday. This is the toilet roll aisle. Also, no pasta or tinned tomatoes. Costco in Reading had run out of toilet roll by midday yday and had been rationing to one pack per transaction.
Pesto  just the essentials
Waitrose Barbican . Also no pasta . Thankfully lots of gin . ( this was last week gin may be all gone now )
I'll never understand how the UK views hummous as 'bougie' - it's an essential!
In South Korea they're buying ducks, with broken legs, that sound like they have a human laugh
No hand sanitizers are available. Ca not get it anywhere!
Try Fisherman's Friends. I think we've taken back control of those (ps are you ok?)
Ha!! Yes all good thanks, insofar as any of us can tell.
Mwahahahahahaha
Properly first world problems
Countermeasures, sorted. #COVID2019uk
Precisely the combination of circumstances the drafters of the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 had in mind.
MONSTERS
Yesterday - Tesco - no yeast, English mustard (Colemans,) or butterbeans in small cans.
That's an awfully sophisticated level of panic buying
I found hand sanitiser in my bathroom today. Yours for a free update on whistleblowing x
Thoughts and prayers
Can’t even buy a Spurs win...
That's just reminded me that I could do with some pomegranate molasses.
What about Pink Himalayan mountain salt?
Will no one think of the children?
Same problem up here in Manchester...
Snowflakes
Yup it’s crazy even in the suburbs here in London shelves are empty by panic buying. How many toilet rolls does one person need?!?
Try Budgens in East Finchley! -
Southern Softies.
HampSHIRE - the clue is there!
Point you’re trying to make is what exactly ?
Most of them vote Labour, enough said
Beautiful day in Devon where there are literally stacks of Andrex in the supermarkets who have seemingly over stocked!
No problem shopping today no sign of panic buying either just folk with a couple more tins and dried stuff in their trolley nothing excessive just sensible.
Same reason so many vote for Khan as Mayor; they're imbeciles.
They’re not... unless you want toilet roll and hand sanitizer
There must be something unique about London, I ca not think what it could be
I didn’t
Bullshit.
Toilet Roll Isles are bare it's ridiculous @BorisJohnson needs to stop people from Hording essentials @asda @AsdaServiceTeam @sainsburys @Tesco @costcoukinsider @MakroUK it's bloody stupid the greed of shoppers,there's plenty for everyone.STOP STOCKPILING
no - shortages in the Sainsburys i was at in Frome...Somerset...
Maybe it’s because London is full of foreigners? Just saying!!!
Stop advertising lol
Simply not true.
It's not Londoners that's for sure.
No advertising to the rest of the country
Absobloodylutely!!
Thankfully, we do not really do crowds here in the shires...
No bog rolls in Bath apparently either, says my son who's at Uni there.
BuckinghamSHIRE, High Wycombe.
Well to be be fair Londons densely populated & lots of smaller supermarkets  comon...
Same here in Wales, Tesco and Sainsbury's all well stocked
Afraid it's not business as usual in the shire.Idiots are still stocking up on toilet paper and pasta...
Meanwhile down in Kent........ More serious than that, the livery yard that looks after my horse is panic buying hay and bedding.
London greed
Been the shops tonight in Telford and fully stocked, panic buying London but no where else.
Except in my high street today, all the outlets you mentioned were closed.
Low iq
Just got back from my local Tesco . Hoards  of foreigners and SJW types buying trolly  loads of toilet paper it's madness . They must think that corona will give them a runny arse instead of a runny nose .
You got to remember these are the same people that voted for Sadiq Khan. Says it all.
The problem is they are not British.
It is that great London community spirit, kind, caring people.... oh....
Because this is an engineered virus with no immunity. If you need to isolate with your family, bug in, you need supplies. This is a shit hit the fan situation.
London = Snowflake Central.
Majority of them are not British
Everything normal on my weekly shop this week but no pasta or toilet rolls available on my monthly sainsbury delivery
Shhh! Alex, dont let the secret out!!
Susan, if possible try Aldi/Lidl they seem to have plenty at moment.
AIUI stiff upper lips are in the minority in London these days.
Just bog roll shelves empty apart from a few packets of andrex, even the end of the world and andrex is too expensive! ;-)
It’s all part and parcel of living in a big city, along with knife crime and terrorism!So says their less than useless Mayor!
Noone has larders in the big smoke. In the Shires we are blessed.
Someone is suggesting that the Shires do not have the money to buy things anyway
London is populated in the main by selfish so called liberal snowflakes
London is the capital of crazy. Guardian reading lefties who believe everything they're told. They're not happy unless they're panicking and virtue signalling about something
They may well be missing the British Keep Calm and Carry On culture in that region.
Freaks and losers.
Here in #Pembrokeshire supermarkets have everything and there is no panic buying -probably not all woke and snowflakes in the country
Perhaps there are more people in London than in  Shitter-on-Avon...
People outside London all know what's wrong with Londoners. Selfish greed.
And they will re-elect Sadiq Khan as Mayor. London has become a foreign country within a country.
Lack of common sense.
They're not real Londoners are they because real Londoners, like myself, cockney born and bred, have mostly emigrated to the countryside to get away from the newcomers !!
People are stocking up in the shires . No hand wash or sanitizer to be found atm. Loo rolls depleted too.  Pasta and rice cleaned out.  Supplies to be limited per person.   Happy days.
Dumb wokes
My London supermarket had everything, except pasta.  There's a delivery tomorrow, I think I'll just about survive. #hype
Snowflakesville
I live in London. The ones raiding the shelves are all English, middle class white people.
My local supermarket in London has basically been trashed. It was a mission to top up my bathroom soap. It's SO stupid.
Same thing happenings here in Australia, literally u can’t find/buy toilet paper.
I was not even thinking about stocking anything two weeks ago... then everything changed SO fast!
More of these
Panic buying will result in major shortages further down the track. Some people with a lot less income can’t afford to stock up like that. When they do have some money there will be nothing left for them, or the elderly, disabled, chronically ill. It is pure greed and selfishness
I was in Waitrose and Simply Food today and both were well stocked. So nothing wrong here. You need to check your source.
Well with boss Khan probably waiting for the lock in. The Purge.
Its simple, they are thick as shit in London
There’s a different kind of voter in London.As Dominic Cummings said it’s probably better to talk to those outside the M25.
I'm in the north, and my supermarket is emptying at a rate of knots!
London isn’t Great Britain any longer. It’s a country within a country.
Idiocy, right here
They also voted for Boris Johnson twice, so what now?
I'm all right Jack
Well you are wrong the only thing you can’t get is hand sanitizer,everything else ok don’t believe everything you read or see in the MSM
Is that a brand of loo roll
Greedy socialists.
In a big city, you're used to being able to get what you want, the moment you want it. In the shires, people are more likely to plan what they need and keep more at home because they do not have the same availability. They were probably better placed before the panic started.
They voted fo Khan, go figure.
There’s more of them
You need a healthy cash flow to stock pile.
Wilko's. Market Drayton, Shropshire, 3pm Thursday 12th March.Calm down London.
This is the brexit handle. You really are a fraud Alex.
Try going on a cruise or an all inclusive .Foreigners do not queue are selfish and rude at times.Look at London and you can see why.
Waitrose South Woodford is definitely not empty.
They voted in Kahn.  Could start with that
Silly southerners
Vote labour, voted remain, elected Khan, full of liberals and socialists...Clearly, not the brightest place in the UK, though for some unknown reason it thinks it is.
Higher proportion of the snowflake generation having their first panic I would say !!!  I’m 50 plus and seen cjd, bird flu, swine flu amongst others and I’m sure the vast majority will be absolutely fine
Let’s see. Densely packed urban area is exactly the kind of environment that viruses tear through, with cases snowballing exponentially. Many are preparing for inevitable self-isolation.
London is not whole of England. London is the capital city. People panic buying is rediclous. The virus is not scaring me. I feel sorry for patients who are not affected by the coronavirus.
How’s things in Middle Earth? Send my regards to Bilbo Baggins and Mr Frodo.
Its the immigrants to blame - first time they have seen shops with things in them....................
Not the case in Surbiton. No hand sanitizer and low levels of a few things but nowhere near empty. #factcheck
Don’t let the secrets out they’re all all be travelling out of the cities to by their bog rolls at the weekend.
London's full of muppets.
So true..... London is not England
OMG! It's Christmas stockpiling (well the shops WERE shut for a whole day) all over again
Labour's London.
No way is it “business as usual” in the ‘shires’.
As a Londoner I am appalled at the behaviour of other Londoners who are showing themselves in the worst possible light to the rest of the country. It does not help either to have a Mayor who has not come up with anything inspiring or useful to the population. He is only for himself
People more squashed together panic sooner
Nonsense. They're not empty
Just not true
This is NOT TRUE. My local Tesco Superstore is still well stocked and I'm in London. Stop bashing London. There are eight fucking MILLION of us, of course there's going to be more visible buying, there are EIGHT MILLION of us.
The capital is rammed full of 'woke warriors'those people who's behaviour patterns are governed solely by the need for social acceptance.These folks are the easiest to manipulate & are therefore more susceptible to the MSM hysteria.Brexit,climate,pandemics,scare them,they'll jump
I supported you as a Brexit MEP but you need to stop bashing your own countrymen. There are non-Left people, Brexiteers, anti-Sadiq people in London, but no you just want to bash Londoners. STOP IT, this is NOT helpful and you're spreading lies everyone just swallows.
London:  Not my capital city ,not my mayor. The indigenous population have fled.
Who was the idiot who decided Bog Rolls were going to vanish? What a load of gullible idiots. Supermarkets have loads of stock, they're just trying to let everyone have their normal supply. The only thing in short supply is common sense.
It's panic and selfishness. I'm alright Jack everyone else can do one. The media and political point scoring does not help either.
The fact that most of them are no longer Londoners ( commonly known as foreigners) any longer, ie no British common sense.
Snow flake incompetent mayor spreading  panic.
That remains a mystery.
the more rural the area the more likely most people already had their winter reserve stock & only need to top it up each week. The more urban the more likely folk take for granted a huge over supply of everything minutes from where they live
This is absolute rubbish- fully stocked supermarkets, apart from toilet paper and hand sanistizer.
Alex if need arises I can spare you half a tin of baked beans
“London” over populated city, mixture of ppl, why do u think ppl are panicking good grief, not all ppl want to eat out of stinking rotten take aways..  a lot of assumptions there!!!
It's what's called diversity in London... come on we better get it before any of the other minorities get it
Indeed - I heard about empty shelves from friends in several places far from London.
Take an educated guess
It’s the metropolitan liberal elite and the lovies - you know, all the supercilious, highly ’educated’ numpties - all running round like headless chickens, while Northern folk just take this in their stride and manage their affairs calmly to take account of changed circumstances.
True Brits keep calm and carry on...... enough said
Probably population density
Simple. Most of them are not British in the capital
The shires are just as bad.
Because they are all ‘I’m alright jacks’.
They’re bonkers
No toilet rolls, everybody buying kitchen roll instead, another disaster waiting to happen in the sewers if people start using one for the other.
What  bullshit is this. So it's only happening in London?If at all. Get a life.
No they are not, more fake news for the alt right, now off you pop to find someone to dress you
Remember Most southern Jessie's, panic when they see a  flurry of snow...
Self important freaks with a "me first" attitude.
its london must have a slate loose to live there .
diversity is their strength
Ca not even get nappies now ffs
Well thats the loony lefties in London, is not it? For the many until the chips are down then for me, me, me
No sense of community, no collective responsibility and lots of remoaners !
Now, there's a question I ca not answer without risking a twitter BAN...
Snowflake gen worried about everything, want everything, leave nothing for older gen.
Actually went to sainsbury in Milton Keynes and its emptyingSad bastards
the exact same morons that filled their houses with toilet roll, pasta and rice for Brexit
'Shires' you make us sound like something from Tolkien.
Southern softies prepping for a zombie apocalypse. Meanwhile northerners are licking door knobs in the hope of getting 2 weeks off work
Not many English people live in London
Well, for a start, there are not many native Londoners still living there. They neither wish to, nor can afford it. Not really a coincidence, then, that the former conglomeration of villages and neighbourhoods, has become an amorphous sh****le.
they dont call them southern fairies for nothing
Sorry to burst your bubble Alexander but in 'The Shires' there are plenty of panicked people stocking up at the expense of others. Selfish gits and quite unnecessary as there would be enough to go round if people were sensible.
Fruit aisle
Some bananas left
And some vegetables
People have so much of no idea at all what to buy in what quantities.They realize that it is a time to take precautions, but are clueless.Same where I'm right now: Veggies empty, eggs empty, meat empty.
I will say, this is a very upscale supermarket in the Mahmudieh neighborhood in northern Tehran. Would be curious to see what something near Haft-e-Tir square looks like – or Hypermarket.
Iranian food is super yummy. i wish we would have more of it in EU...
It’s mental... but when you hear £129 million has been wiped off of the value of the company making Corona beer then why should it surprise anyone .... the Government don’t consider they are serving us, they see themselves as saving us.. from ourselves! And who can blame them?
I’m waging $50 on someone flogged the pack before the truck arrived at its destination.
This is the funniest thing on twitter today.
Gold
Gotta love the sense of humour of the working man
Meanwhile in California Friday March 13th 2020 5:00 pm
I love the driver's sense of humour.
@Deebon13 @DylanNash @Pezzzzz
Not only Tehran. A few hours ago while was talking to a friend who lives in Ahvaz (Khuzestan, southern Iran), told me the store's shelves are still full of foods and all kinds of consumer goods. And another news: in Iran now alcohol is being produced (both Etanhol and Methanol).
All shops r like this
Backwards
Lol, excellent quip. Well done that lorry driver
Maybe use your Cambridge Analytica data to work it out?
Meanwhile in #London, everyone’s panic buying, especially toilet paper. It’s a good indication of which countries have suffered from wars/sanctions & have learnt to become resilient and which countries have inflicted them & have no clue how to deal with any minor/major crisis.
And a Sainsbury’s outlet in central London before 10am.
Such a shame to see humans acting like animals in such circumstances! Please @chrisfruitnet  share through @FruitnetMedia messages of #civism and #responsability among all key players in the #agrifood sector: not only producers, packers, retailers but consumers too!
I remember in the 1980’s working in Geneva where all the apartment blocks had Cold War isolation nuclear bunkers, long converted to storage facilities etc. Oh for a nuclear bunker now.  #coronavirus
Getting the thesaurus out for this one eh? Denude.
What's with buying the bottled water? It's a flu pandemic, not a hurricane.  Pretty sure @CityofLdnOnt is not shutting off the water any time soon.
@adamjohnsonNYC
They did the same in London when there was a little bit of Snow. Elsewhere in the UK everything is normal and the shops are full.
its a joke as my shopping was delivered and toilet paper missing as out of stock so had to get my son to buy it, I said to get 2 in case it is not in next week as well, now I'm part of the madness.
There is absolutely no need for this!!
Just on his way to drop off a big load
I AM surprised. -   No police escort ?
Seriously Chris?? Where and what time is that?
Wouldnt want to park it without security guards....
Absolutely spot on, whatever happened to our British bulldog spirit.. shite, it could be a lot worse. Image a nuclear war!!
We can’t emphasise this enough. Will this country ever come together? Some of the things being said are utterly ridiculous. This is serious, for many it’s life or death.
Have you not blocked piers Morgan yet?Makes such a difference to your twitter experience!Much more positive
Stay strong sheep , I understand how you’re feeling.  We will get through this, hugs  to you and Mrs Sheep.
Behind the headless chickens the snowflakes and political point scorers the is an army stoic Brits quietly getting on with life mindful that our first responsibility is to protect others and not to rely on a nanny state.Covid-19 is here. Deal with it
Yes, too many people going in there own directions.
most londoners have no dignity whatsoever
I dont think this twitter bubble is a true representation of the public thinking. I am getting the same vibe on here as when Brexit and the general election were on going. People are being negative because of their anti government stance. They would reject any course of action.
Now the Government is talking about FORCING the over 70's to Self-Isolate. -  for up to 4 months !
Which is why Socialism is so dangerous ... trying to impose changes on society will always encounter resistance... people need to change themselves
The silent majority are keeping calm and carrying on.
@adamboultonSKY Seriously, this is Brexit 2.0, when we should be pulling together we’ve got a hostile media dedicated to finding fault with Johnson of this &that not realising that they’ve already been informed of the things they’re complaining they haven’t been informed about.
The people who do this should be arrested, and charged with theft... using their money to deprive poorer people of essential items.
It’ll happen you watch once it gets very real
I think outside Twitter the picture is less dark.. There's a sense out there that this thing is coming and there's not much we can do stop it. Slow it up maybe. We're worried about our olds and ready to do whatever we have to to protect them as best we can.
Here's a thought, maybe the supermarkets could use him as a Pied Piper & lure the Toilet Paper obsessive compulsive away from the shelves to let others get a roll or two?
Twitter world thankfully doesn’t represent the real one.
I think real people are united. It’s the idiots who are using this for political purposes . . and I include the BBCin this . . who are making it seem as though we are divided.
There’s only a certain section of society who see the glass half empty... and we all know who they are...
Sure am glad I live in nowheresville in west Somerset. Far from the madding crowd, though I expect it’ll get here eventually.
There seems to be something of a divide in how our nation is coping with this emergency. In London we seem to have panic buying and shortages. While up north people are being considerate and helping one another out. We need to all look out for each other
Agreed, but it seems to be affecting the MSM, even the BBC and ITN.If the strategy is undermined, people won’t adhere to it.
It’s not just twitter, it’s the MSM including the BBC.
Agreed, but it’s also in the MSM and broadcasters.
Tell the broadcasters.
I’m worried about the media undermining the people’s willingness to do as they’re told.
Twitter is a bubble. Block the doomsters
I'm sure a degree of non-compliance will be a feature of the plan. Everyone knows there's idiots out there, many working in the MSM.
I've spoken with two front-line consultant medics over the last week. Both have said they're (them and the NHS) ready and it'll be ok. They've also both said they're both impressed and 100% with the government's strategy.Now is the time for the rest of us to fall in line.
Blame people like Piers. Trust the real.people not his like.
Spot on, our me me me world is coming home to roost.
Snowflake mentality.Piers Morgan appears to have become one of the most dangerous men in Britain. He is out of control #PiersMorganDangerous @piersmorgan He’s a menace
Time to resurrect our Dunkirk spirit.Luckily there are still enough old people to explain how to do it!
I visited four supermarkets in my local area (Essex) yesterday. Yes they were very busy, and sold out of bog roll, painkillers, tissues, most pasta etc. But fresh availability generally OK and staff doing sterling job
What a joke so selfish
Good point but it's not great for older customers when large London supermarkets are few and far between and may struggle to travel elsewhere.
In my Wiltshire town (50k-ish people) there are four supermarkets and no real issues. Fewer pasta and handwashing options, but mostly fine.
Just my periodic reminder that 57m of us DO not live in London! Also, as @hwallop has pointed out, lots of local shops have plenty of stock
Tesco in Tetbury more like the week before Christmas than a Sunday morning in March. Very low on pasta, rice, loo roll, various soaps, quite low on bread. Everything else is fine.
OMG. Really !!
just like Americans did during cold war in 1960s, then during the Y2k, the nthe end of mayan calendar.
Normal life has become a battleground. Ppl are pushing each other to get every day stuff like toilet paper and soaps. The first 100 who enter the store empty the rack and now you have to wait for a day to buy something as simple as a sugar packet. Ppl fear a lockdown like Italy.
Change your lifestyle. Do not live to eat.Introduce Intermittent Fasting in your life.After that OMAD (One Meal A Day).And then Water or Dry Fasting.I have been doing it for almost a year now.
Angrezon ka namak khaati ho..chii
Situation getting worst.
This is scary
God take care
But but... Covid19 is a virus
Thats why you should live in your own country rather migrating to uk’s and usa’s
@swatic12 you are an intelligent person.A simple like does not help. Say something.Is not it good for our lives?
In India people are normal.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marination
People, please avoid panic-buying and overstacking. You never know someone who is more needy may suffer because of your greed.
Is this in London ? Have a brother there, he only mentioned about work from home for a week.
stay safe
True that, driven to five different superstores in last 2 days, it looks like as if the store is looted and ransacked.... people have hoarded stuff, what surprised me that no one is hoarding liquor, the liquor isle are totally intact
The good news sheep is we have several WhatsApp groups set up already amongst family friends, colleagues neighbours & people in my village setting up networks for supplies/ wellbeing contingencies. Keep your eyes peeled you'll see more of us doing this now.#communityspirit
It's crazy
Excellent. We must look after each other.
I thought this yesterday, in fact I had a few nightmares about it last night.Today I feel people are starting to grasp what's it about, realism is starting to dawn.Many of the so-called experts here on Twitter today have only a few followers, which is making me wonder...?
We've already got our road mobilised to shop for those who ca not get out and check for people in neighbouring roads to make sure they're ok and not overlooked.It has potential to bring out the best in us.
It’s pretty much same in toronto as well. Walmart, Costco and all other big stores are running out of daily essentials.
just eat each other, duh
Like Christmas eve
I bet nobody payed for those items that got in dem carts!!
Pathetic
What’s wrong with people panic buying is not necessary it leaves other people short. The shops are not closing
Lizards
Showing stuff like this is the EXACT reason why panic buying is happening!! Be a bit more responsible in your reporting
In this video, I do not see the proper distance that should be kept, from person to person. And this is not good, and what should be done.
Partly @skynews fault
What I would like to know is...what is the government doing for people who can’t get out to shop because their front door is blocked by toilet rolls
Thank God I got all my essentials in yesterday. Phew!!
Lunatics. People can only panic buy for so long until they cannot panic buy anymore..Either they run out of panic or they run out of money #stoppanicbuying
Glad to see supermarkets taking control it's a disgrace the way people are behaving,  there is absolutely no need for it selfish people.
Can’t imagine what will happen when we leave the EU
Mad.
Genuinely I’d arrest them all
Can you imagine if it was a disease that killed you over a few days and there was no escape and everyone would be affected!!!! Jesus wept!!!
It's like Christmas has come early this year
The more the MSM report on this the more it’ll happen!!! Makes easy “news” stories for the likes of @SkyNews
One basket full if loo rolls, selfish critters. Don’t you just wish Karma will take over
Embarrassing
How much toilet roll does one person actually need??
We are animals
DO not BUY TOILET ROLLS!!!
Time to enforce online shopping with  quantity limits.
The irony is that the headers doing the panicking are surely putting themselves more at risk by being in close proximity to large numbers of other people. Calm down ffs
BREAKING Shoppers in busy shop queue
Social distancing... Not. Guess which shoppers are about to go down with CoVid-19!!!
It was like that in Droitwich Aldi this morning too
I bet no one is desperate enough to buy the pot noodles though.
Muppets
I work for a supermarket & have said the last couple of days have been like Christmas but without any kind of joy!
OK, let's put this coronavirus into perspective? So far, since it started, 5,833 people have died globally. People dying of starvation globally is 9 million a year or 24,500 a day! Every day of the year! We do not think about that because it does not affect us!!!!!
Same thing at Christmas!!!
People need to stop panic buying!!!
Come on sky news do better don’t spread panic
People that need to do their usual grocery shopping are struggling to get anything as all the shelves in supermarkets are completely emptying and online grocery time slots have all been taken, it's getting Rediculous now.
This annoys me soo much  I’m housebound and I can’t get online as supermarkets busy ,no loo roll and certain essentials left when I do get on .its soo selfish xx
At least most are just normal shoppers, getting what they need
@ChiswickMonitor
Why do these shoppers accept these people panic buying. They should say you do not need all of that return it back to the shelves for the others who really need it. Restrict them. They probably have the whole shop in their house already.
Y they panic buying in Uk .. government not doing anything u are all to carry on as normal .. where is Boris today
#idiots
It's the media's fault
I'm beginning to think we've all been hoodwinked into stimulating the economy without us realising it?  What better way to get us spending and at the same time, the establishment has demonstrated how easy it is to pull the sheeple's strings!
@a_freemantle  everyone who is panic buying are trying to convince themselves they are not  why ??
Not sure they're actually forced
Mentalists
Even in this clip, all people do not wear facemask. Why are they so confident like that?
I pity the young men and women serving tirelessly on these tills. For how long is the rate of soaring demand sustainable by food stores? What lessons does this teach us about the food safety and food security?
They're fecking morons in #Chiswick, just as they're in #Hammersmith. This alarmist crap, needs to stop  @piersmorgan  & supermarkets need to clampdown on panic buyers. @sainsburys @asda @Tesco @Morrisons @AldiUK @LidlGBThe intense pressure on the supply chain, madness.
Battersea the same
Any chance  of following the Italians sensible approach to stocking up.? Shop sensibly. Not only is panic buying selfish it will potentially spread the virus unnecessarily.
The Govt. is currently panic buying ventilators.
This is what the media has created
That'll stop it spreading
Forced?
Limit each person to ten items maximum and no return for 24 hours.
We're smart-rats running from a tide of shitty information.Or sheep running, in herds, from barking hounds with bad breath. Pick your favourite analogy, or provide your own!
The irony is that by doing so, you increase the proximity within people and therefore risk to catch it!
Christ is it Xmas already.... damn i must have over slept... Ooops...
But you're posting from the queue - now that is Pathetic
OMG says the man with enough fat stored to feed himself for the next six months
@Perry_Grant down the road
The poor created by this govt ca not afford the delivery charges.
This is no brains Britain for you
I think that the people of this country will act responsibly and with courage I really do. Reading the papers, watching the news and going on social media - all of which I do -engenders sense of doom, but when I stop that crap and go out I see calm, kindness and community spirit.
Stupidity at its best.
@sophiekohlx
Aldi.
Fucking melts.
Why oh why ?
It’s crazy!
More likely to get a virus now
The people doing this are the ones practicing eugenics and population control. Panic buying because they can afford to. Disgraceful and should all be ashamed.
Flock immunity would be a better term.
Ridiculous selfish human beings...
When food rationing arrives you can blame these people.
I'll go when all the selfish are in quarantine
Fukin madness
Yes the economy is positively booming
People are silly and this is somewhat scaremongering... Pretty much a normal weekend in that branch! Just got my delivery from same branch and apart from cleaning products it was all fine.
And all these people will go home and put on Twitter that panic buying is ridiculous and getting out of hand , hypocrites
Your just feeding it. Be responsible and encourage people to buy as normal. Your coverage just makes people run out and panic buy
It's almost like the country does not trust the government.I wonder why we voted for them!?Just wait for Brexit to hit
your panic buying is causing more harm to the old and vulnerable not only are you spreading the virus your also causing people to go without necessities please think about others were all in this together we have to help each other not make it worse
Shop owners and whole sale owners should close shop and do online requests and do daily deliveries. In this way all will get what they want and not one getting more than the others.
I bet the talk of redundancies at Tesco, Asda & Sainsbury’s are all off at the moment You’ve gotta love people, this year so far January = WW3 February = Be KindMarch = GTFO my way that’s my toilet roll
Why is it up to the supermarket minimum paid workers to be the moral police for the panic buyers? They shouldn’t put their safety at risk by confronting them. I’ve had personal experience of confronting shoppers as an ex supermarket worker. Shoppers are scary
It was madness in Richmond Sainsbury yesterday - shelves empty! Was speaking to a neighbour there while staff restocked pasta & rice (1 pallet each). Gone in less than 5 minutes! Frozen vegetable and beer section - empty!!!
Any Doritos though?  Could not get them in the Winterstoke Road Sainsbury's for love nor money yesterday.
So, for journalistic balance,  should you not also be showing supermarkets that do not have massive panic buying.No, that would be too truthful for your agenda.
Real heads gone what is the matter with people ffs
Why antibacterial wipes? COVID-19 is a virus... antibacterial wipes are useless
Why are we paying for sky sports if there is none, I am cancelling till this is over, please share!
The irony of this moronic behaviour is that, judging by this lot all in close proximity to each other, there's LOTS of infection vectors there!
Idiots
For shopping?
Glad I went there yesterday. Idiots
Why but shop online and have it delivered??
Our local Costcutter is fully stocked and even has plenty of toilet rolls!
How thick are people. How many times, no need to panic buy, so selfish, meaning vulnerable people ca not now get what they need. Should be ashamed of themselves. Stores need to restrict more products.
FBPE land. No panic buying out in the shires
@Becky77777777
I was there an hour ago. I just went to pick up some lunch and dinner, took the best part of 4 hours.Mum who ca not leave the house currently cant get a click and collect or delivery of food.Now you've panic bought everything, can you fuck off so my mum can eat. Cheers.
Many half-empty trolleys. Are you sure they're all 'panic buying' or does it suit your purpose to over-dramatise for effect?
Not one f@ck given for the elderly, the sick, the front line workers.
Scenes like this make you realise the left have infiltrated the norm people and if there were a war tomorrow we wouldn’t make it through day 1. Truly disappointing to see....
Christmas on steroids. What do you think gonna happen when Brexit really kicks in.
yeah i was on ealing road today  felt like shops were giving things for free by looking at people rushing to buy everything ... maine socha yaar
Why don’t you interview one of them and ask why they are doing it?
@zsqprfc
I don’t even know what to say!!
I think the point is the numbers of people shopping at any one time as opposed to how much some are buying.
Stay in, sip some wine and watch dancing on ice
People need to get a grip they are acting like fools
Peooe need to get a grip. There is enough of everything, for everyone. If people stop buying enough to last them for a year, we will have no problems.
Shouldn’t be allowed selfish
@Tesco @sainsburys @AldiUK @Morrisons @BoothsCountry @LidlGB  The media would have us believe that this is happening all across the country. Not in my experience. Can you confirm?
Wtf is wrong with seemingly educated people.
How about the working people who don’t get paid till end of month. All people on benefits have weekly / fortnightly money but we cannot buy enough to feed my disabled son who nearly died of Rsv because of this stupidity
Not all of us, some are sensible
Remember, an infected youngster can pass it on to someone vulnerable. But you’re correct, for most people under 60, it will be relatively mild.
Freaks
Chiswick is stll being incredibly restrained and British whereas elsewhere....
Absolute total pillocks the lot of them......and they wonder why there is a shortage of stuff. Makes me ashamed to be English sometimes
Thanks china
Same in my local Tesco
crazzyyyyyy!!
Everyone is going nuts , get a life ffs
London. Need you say more?
They are strictly following gvt orders
Pathetic Humans
It’s the same everywhere, get a grip people!
Either they're panicking and petrified or idiots!
Was not any in my tesco extra in York when I went on Thursday.
Shutting down MSM and just issuing government updates would make a huge difference
Greedy, selfish Liberals?Little Londoners have nothing to lecture others about...
Back to india. Our local kariyana wala has already stock up all the groceries
@chrismould95 maybe don’t go shopping today
@SkyNews Have imploded full stop. They’re the worst culprits by a mile. Let’s not even mention Burley...
Oh my god
bloody hell, this is not an atomic bomb warning. most produces go off unless tinned anyway. can not imagine they have gigantic fridge freezers
Pathetic.
Why why why and why?
More fool them
If #PanicBuying gets really Out of Control, Supermarkets should remove the Trolliea & Baskets. Thereby Buyers could only buy what they can carry in hands. That would slow down Panic Buying considerably.
There aren’t forced - they stupidly choose to
Idiots. I live in #Chiswick . No shortages in my local shops. Maybe a little less choice. As for bog paper, no shortage of the Daily Mail.
Open the shops 9-11 for OAPs only! Let them have the first pick of everything. We are an absolute embarrassment, we don’t have respect for our elders. Let them get they’re needs first before we worry about buying 20 toilet rolls #coronavirusuk #COVIDー19 #justsaying
Knobheads
so. good luck
Enough!!! What the the hell is going on. To all but a few (who really DO need to care) this is a minor illness which will pass. For God’s sake take a look at yourselves. The world is not going to end. Even if it did buying all the bog paper in the world won’t save you!
Chiswick? I dread to think what the queues in Waitrose are like.
just had my shopping order delivered.got everything I needed, no drama, did not have to leave house. simples, suck on that you panic buying numpties.#masshysteria strikes UK thanks to @piersmorgan and others.
THE WORLD IS NOT COMING TO AN END YA'LL!!!! Jez
Ridiculously embarrassing
So, online shopping. That's not a thing anymore?
Their food will have gone off by the time they pay.
It’s happening in the north east it’s a joke. Can’t understand why people are panic buying like they are the world’s gone mad!
All potential candidates for catching the virus no doubt coughing and spluttering their way round supermarket
Despite all the mockery below the people in Chiswick are being nice and polite ...
Oh the irony. Surely they’re more likely to contract something crammed in together.
That was deep but in Reailty no one cares people do not care or understand until they're in that situation. Even after that, once they've resolve it they move on to the next issue. In life dreams ai not free the vision they want for there country cost.
Plus their ice cream will melt!
Ghar ah ja pardeshi ..Tera desh bulaye re..
Same everywhere in England ; its shameful.France, Ire, Germany, Scotland etc are not having the same problem.
Not a brain cell between them.
God damn the Brits are good a queuing
Idiots!
How are they forced?
I do my shopping every 2 weeks from my benefit payments and I find this sort of thing selfish, pathetic and pig headed of people who are in the mind set of ' I am more important ' I hope they are happy with all their stock piling and letting the vulnerable suffer!
Not forced they are choosing to
Peooe?
However - news from Leeds stores visited yesterday ransacked
Something to lighten the mood...  https://twitter.com/Ord_Norm_Bloke/status/1238824997642211329/video/1…
It’s worse than Xmas  just don’t understand it
So why can’t the government sort this shit out now?
Where’s the blitz or bulldog spirit? Shame on london. higher risk elders not really to be seen. Most look either young and/or not british born & bred.
By reporting this, you’re just making it worse. Do a report on the people who are suffering because of these idiots: people who can’t afford to bulk-buy, food bank users etc.
Nutters
It’s down to you the media why these queues are happening with your scaremongering.
...and the more we post pictures like this the more people panic
Everybody just  take a Deep breath and keep CALM!!!!
Cynical but indeed true
they are less likely to be exposed now than they would be if they had to go shopping in a month's time.
FORCED BECAUSE ITS THEIR OWN FAULT
i still do not get why TP?
My big cat and goat circus gotta eat the eats, Leah.
They sleep on the toilet rolls
Well.... Garages are a thing...
Preach. Storing stuff in our flat is like playing an eternal game of Jenga.
We have not stored anything, and we certainly have the space, living in a big ass house in the countryside
It’s fucking ridiculous I swear
I know right, it's just crazy.I went into my local Asda a couple of days ago, and there was zero pasta, rice, toilets rolls, kitchen roll and the list just goes on. I could not even get the stuff I needed as everyone is panic buying.
when the zombies arrive the tp can be used for marking infected houses... or something
Give it a few weeks/month or so...I wonder how much of this bulk buying will be thrown out as it's gone out of date
We are causing our own downfall, just carry on as normal and we won’t all be struggling to get food and shit paper
ahhh it’s depressing to think about :( really hope people come to their sense and at least donate anything that’s going out of date but... I’m not that hopeful
Angrez itne darpok hote hain, aakhir hum logo par 200 saal raaj kaise kiya hoga?
Fools
This feckin frozen stuff would be useless
That milk is going to go bad before they even get a chance to use it.  So wasteful.
I live in the naive hope that it is all going to good use in a group home or hospital and is not just one families storage
I guess they're planning on making cheese or butter? That damn milk be going sour af
What about the poor people that put the items on the shelves themselves, as one of you, a big well done and hope you're all okay
personally, I panic bought 2 cows, they wo not go out of date, and surprisingly are OK to bunk bed
Tenner says only one till was open
Do they have space? I mean, if you're stockpiling milk you're probably not the type to think anything through
You know I never thought about it that way. I do now wonder where it all goes.
Chavs!
Des imbéciles heureux pas peur du verus mais plutôt d'avoir faim
If coronoavirus has taught us anything it’s the lengths people will go to when desperate. Next time people want to judge refugees or migrants fleeing war  remember that some of you were fighting over toilet paper.
Observe the 1 meter minimal distance. Then you see this. Total idiocy at every level.
So, hoarding food which may cause others to go hungry, BAD. Hoarding more money than you could ever need, which causes others to go without, is the basis of western civilisation!
At higher prices than the supermarkets
It sucked so bad for me because we really needed TP and paper towels, as well as cleaning supplies since we just moved.
awwww crap that sucks! I know that vibe well, hope the move went well otherwise
All down to the MEDIA VIRUS
You have anti-bacterial wipes for your vegetables? Such privilege!
Idiots.
London innit?As an ex-Londoner the state of the place is sad.
No, they are not forced to wait, they chose to. Granted some of these will be normal people doing their normal shop, but the majority are probably selfish tossers just thinking about themselves.
Oh wow! I’m glad Indians are chill about hoarding and almost everything is easily available
Why are not they wearing face masks ？
The very elderly who aren’t able to online shop will be hit with empty shelves because of these stupid selfish people. How are the elderly if childless supposed to survive if they’re expected to self isolate. These elderly fought a war for this!!
Noone’s forcing them to do anything. They are there of their own accord being idiots. Headline sorted.
Sainsbury in my area where we have huge parking was full and purple were buying like crazy. The same was in Quality Storea
It's the same in many places across the UK
survival game weak
Similar feeling here in leafy Hampshire. Never taken for granted.
Why are people panic buying? Someone please explain  to me?
Please don’t worry so much, there will always be a few left to carry on the human species - so no worries. Remember, always look on the bright side of life’
All that milk is gonna go bad before they finish it
Loll good thing I did the self scan thing
You have to feel sorry for their insecure mentality
We are only just seeing the beginning of the panic buying. This is probably the top 3% of people who realise what is going on. Wait until the ignorant masses actually realise what is happening in reality rather than their idealism
It’s literally all of my neighbours, whereas we’re panic buying wine and beer!
Stop reporting on this as it making things worse! It is making people believe they have to panic buy!!!!!
Probably getting the virus if standing for long enough
Shame on them: No consideration for the old, unemployed, those on low incomes or the disabled! Time for strict rationing now and selective shopping times for the less advantaged groups in the community? @borisjohnstonpm @dwp @beis
And the more the media report and dramatise these occurrences, the more it fuels the unnecessary panic. Please stop it.
That’s not bad actually, like a wee OAP only hour or so at the start of the day #justsaying =&gt; #niceone
Why are not the retailers limiting purchases to prevent this ? Almost as if they're making loads of ££££ out of this
Do not panic. Keep calm and carry on. There really are only a few Ws out there.
How's the healthcare situation? Any restrictions on public spaces?
Well maybe if outlets like yourself stop preaching panic headlines about stocks running out then people wouldn’t f****** feel the need to run to the supermarket and buy everything in sight, it’s the media corporations and whoever are feeding them these headlines who are to blame!
Mindless sheep. Your key demographic @SkyNews
@SixThingsIHate
Selfish backward people.
It’s not selfish tho, it’s natural. If there were 10 tubs of milk left in shop that Oliver uses and person in front got 7 even if there was someone behind me wanting some im getting last 3. It’s shit but way it is x
Spreading bugs around in queues - Darwinism in action
What absolute lunatics
No they weren’t forced at all #pricks
Panic for no reason...relax ppl..
Nobody is forcing these fuckwits to wait in long queues. They are all doing it on their own volition. All those panic buying deserve to be under the stress they are putting themselves under. Just feel sorry for the sensible people.
If we do die, it will be as a result mostly founded by the greedy sheep! Starvation is coming and the coronavirus a thing of the past.
Do people not have showers? Do a poo, have a bottom shower after, no paper needed if they are desperate.
Sorry but what have the elections got to do with mugging someone for roll?
Do not panic Mr mainwaring do not panic
How extraordinary have they nothing more worthwhile to do???
Great Boss. Let’s hope there are many more like that out there.
I think I've got the balance between the panic buying and panic eating all wrong. Just ca not stop panic eating long enough to recalibrate.
What will happen in the evening I wonder. Panic tv? And then to finish some nightmares? I mean balance is everything, right?
Panic drinking, obvs.
Oh, I could believe... in Germany we hoard toilet tissue, paper tissues, pasta, tomato sauce, coffee, tea....
I had to 2 foot someone's nan to get the last bag of plain flour at the weekend, I'm expecting everyone to be able to make delicious homemade bread once this is all over
Wie? Fleisch, Obst u. Gemüse weg? Bei uns waren es T-Papier..., Nudeln, Reis, Soßen, Fertigprodukte, Kaffee, Tee, Müsli, Cornflakes........
No one panic buys in Waitrose.
Not sure there is even any wine left now!
That's a good one!
I’ve just had my last day with my students at school in Berlin. 3 weeks school closure, 2 weeks Easter break coming up. Busy setting up digital teaching for the 210 students I teach every week. We’re in the process of a shutdown here but so far everyone seems calm
Y'all must still have toilet paper. #fancy
Panic drinking in the evening.
In groups of less than 10...I hope...Is wine involved?
Any drinking going on? Cause it’s happening here..
are you guys hoarding toilet paper?
I do feel like I’m cooking and eating comfort foods not unlike after 9/11
Same in the US
Bahahahaha
I feel ya. I relented to staying in Saturday. I am not sick at all, I was just being respectful. But instead of being home and productive with that time, I reacted as if I WAS sick and watched way too many shows and ate garbage IN MY BED. Shameful behavior.
I did all my panic shopping this weekend, so I have advanced to the all day panic eating...may need to panic shop again soon
Needed that!
You forgot panic drinking in the evening.
Positive thoughts to you East London.
Panic early. Panic often. You know, just in case...
So do we Americans. See we’re all more alike than not. That or we’re all just need toilet paper...There has to be some science behind all this since we’re all doing it
Stay panicked my friend.
And alcohol begins, when?
Wait, that is what we are doing here in eastern Pennsylvania
It sure is.
You forgot the panic drinking.
Panic toilet paper use?
What do not know how to do home crafts anymore? I bought extra yarn today for more crocheting. Relearn to whittle, clean the yard and house lots to do. Learn to box and other defensive/offensive skills crossed fingers do not need it. Thousand PC's puzzle etc.
Same same here in WA State, but with a dose of manic news watching in the middle
I wanted to go to a picnic. Not a panic
It’s all about balance tbh
Bill O’Brien @HoustonTexans
West London: Same
Same here
Panic drinking thereafter
Yeah but panic eating leads to panic pooping, and there's no paper
Righteous dude, short lived, but Righteous
California is still figuring out the schedule.
I've got the binge watching and binge eating thing down!
Is there panic toilet tissue & bottled water buying too?
Same in Dallas!
Can’t do alcohol Going straight to pot
I need chocolate
What about panic sex? Like angry sex, but with an apocalyptic vibe. Going out with a bang, as it were.Could work.
Dunno whats more worrying the virus or these parasitic bags of shite.
You have my attention, keep talking.
Panic drinking in the evening?
Panic drinking at night.
who ca not afford to shop once a week so I go once a month, todays shop will probably last us three weeks because people were PANIC BUYING. I saw people there with a large trolley packed full of food stuffs. I am now not asking but I am telling you, panic buying makes no sense,
the people who are going to need stuff like tge sick and disabled are getting nothing so STOP IT NOW. NOT ONLY ARE YOU HURTING OTHERS but if there are no cleaning products for the sick and dusabled you are effectively leaving them to catch the disease and die, show some
consideration, buy only what you need, if the lockdown comes food and cleaning products are going to be scarce anyway.   I am imploring #BorisJohnson and his Home Office Secretary to put in place something to combat this behavior and do it now. People only need to buy what they
need and no more. Food for the sick and the elderly is almost as important as tge medications they are on. Yes folks this is me angry.
No panic drinking in the evenings??
Did my online shop order and found many things not available. The one I had not known about was milk! How can people be stockpiling fresh milk? It makes no sense.
In the freezer.
Supermarkets should be acting responsibly ans rationing items.
Check for your Mutual Aid group, they are trying to organise to help vulnerable people get supplies. I know what you mean. Aldies & Tesco stripped bare immediately after delivery,  every day now since the weekend before last. No eggs, toilet paper, baked beans, cleaning stuff etc
Upset reading this, why are not the supermarkets doing more to restrict purchases? My uncle is 94 and he likes Morrisons, we go there on Thursday. If its that bad I do not know what to do. He wo not move in with me and he definitely does not have a cupboard or freezer full of food.
It's the same in London.Greedy panic buying nuts. I ca not understand why are so many people buying toilet rolls? My parentsR in their 80s &R fortunate enough 2bcared 4 on rota by my siblings.Praise goes out 2my sis works FT, five kids,lawyer & looks like #JulisRoberts.#Caring.
People are so bloody selfish and greedy....I've got one loo roll in the cupboard and a few tins of this and that. God help us all, especially people like your mam who are vulnerable. Love & solidarity to you both
It's horrendous Victor. I do not know how we're going to keep going at this rate
Was the same in @AldiUK - whole sections of stuff stripped.  Thank goodness @PetsatHome was well stocked or the cat would never have let me back in the house.
I know impossile situation
It's time we all just plugged ourselves into personal isolation pods with virtual reality interfaces and liquid nutrient feeds.  That's where we'll have to end up anyway.  Might as well early-adopt.
Terrible. I'm trying farm shops.
I saw 25 packets of pasta being taken off a young couple yesterday as there seems to be a limit of 5 packets. Man was holding on to the spaghetti trying to say it wasn’t pasta.
We have a country full of glutton something wrong with this country. They proved how stupid and backwards they are are at the general election. Margaret Thatcher people there is no Society just me me me me me
When we look back on this period and how people reacted to it, I truly hope that those who idiotically tried to hoard feel a deep sense of shame. Alas though, I fear such people lack the wit for such awareness
Ca not help much in the Birth Place of Western Capitalism.
Same in Tesco's I went to this morning Victor... people with trolleys rammed with things I bet they would not usually buy. I felt quite under-shopped with my two packs of tomatoes and a bottle of milk
Big Morrison’s in hillsborough had a massive checkout queue on Monday. Not panic buying. Just one cashier for huge supermarket
Desperate times Vic. Stay well, stay safe.
By the end of the month it'll be like Mad Max beyond the fuckin thunderdome out there. If this is british "pluck and resolve" they can bloody keep it. Selfish bastards.
@Morrisons @Tesco @AldiUK @waitrose @sainsburys STOP IT!!!!!!!!!!! dreadful profiting from panic ..it's within your power to stop it SO DO IT
Victor Morrisons is trying to sort it out and you will be able to get home delivery.  Just to help you not worry so much.
@MissPhotoshopIt  seems like it’s true
Impossible to buy even a few necessities. Ridiculous. If any of my mates are stock piling stuff that folk need they are off my Christmas list!
It's the Thatcher syndrome - me me me!
Perhaps to resell at a profit?
Tescos are closing their 24/7 stores at night so they can restock.
Should be rationing, same at my local supermarket just empty shelves take care and good luck
It's happening
quell surprise
Go to your corner shop. they've got everything.
I saw a woman with 10 bags of white sugar! 10! I said to Bill she needs to worry more about diabetes than the virus!
Our local Co op has wonderful staffThey are going in putting their health at riskThey should all get a bonus
here we go
@Morrisons I hope you are putting limits on the number of items that people can purchase at one time.  All supermarkets need to be taking this seriously and no pandering to the selfishness of some of their customers.
I sympathise, I am having to shop for my 90 year old mother, she does not have sufficient storage in her little flat for bulk buying so I have to do it weekly. God knows what there will be to buy today.
Hi could you contact me about this please. @mariamissimdar
Thatcher and Johnson said greed is good
Praise to Vishnu no!!!
Sainsbury's are ahead of the game. Good arrangements for the elderly and if they shop on  line. Check their website for details. Also Iceland.
From what I have observed, the people have turned to dog eat dog in a mega way.I am not surprised that we have a Tory Govt. A huge number of people are unbelievably selfish.Stay strong and keep trying
This makes me sick
That did not take too long to get started, sadly.  People need to warn older and vulnerable people who are not on social media or even the internet, and might not be so aware of scams.  Nice to see you promoting Neighbourhood Watch too.
Panic buying ear plugs!
It was terrifying yesterday in Tesco, pet food, canned goods, bread, meat, baking ingredients I'm disabled and these people just do not care...#panicbuying
we 51st state of usa- we ina selfish  fu jack im ok society-created in part by torys& the public.all this stick together/blitz spirit is long gone.
Same here Victor, almost impossible to get essentials
These are reports within the community, we are happy to report we have yet to receive any police reports regarding this type of activity and this is purely a precautionary message to ensure this does not occur
Our neighbourhood officers are at work as usual and happy to report all of our community are coming together across #Camden to assist those that may need it most
Top tip - there maybe no toilet paper but baby wipes are a good alternative and in stock! Lol
Sabhi Maal Utthalo Jaldi Jaldi, Baad mein langar lggayege aur credit lenge
Move the baskets pilled up by the door maybe...
Well It is Asda Steve!
They are ‘pallets’ MG
There's no pissing bread or milk anywhere near me.For goodness sake, it's not like you can even freeze the sodding milk to make it last
At least you can still buy pallets!
Fair few planks going there mike. Could come in handy once disassembled.
Literally just been in sainsbury and hardly anything on shelves
Mike, you are wasting your time. This is the reality of the human condition. Ask those who have had front end contact.
Well said Mike. Panic buyers should be a collective plank of the week!!
Hi Mike,Any chance we can get a Tory on the radio tomorrow to find out if the banks are going to add the interest from these 'payment holidays' onto my mortgage balance? Or are the banks going to keep profiting while the rest of us suffer, Again?
Planks everywhere @Iromg .. same in Luton and surrounding areas
It's not just London Mike, I travel a lot for work so at the moment I'm using the opportunity to visit supermarkets wherever I am to try and find needed items and it is the same everywhere.
Are they selling those Pallets Mike ? Can you grab me 2
Do you count as elderly? What are you? 76 y/o? They would have let you go in store in the morning mate
They won’t stop! Never, they need to reflect on themselves when they are throwing out the crap they bought in blind panic and think ‘ why did I do that’
Mike I'm now eating less and tbh I feel better for it. I ca not be aresd to go grocery shopping knowing it's very much pointless so when I return from work each day for the time being I'm looking forward to doing bug*** all.
We literally need the toilet roll police
I wish everybody on social media would stop posting photos of empty shelves. All it does is encourage people to panic buy.
Not many British in London.
I have previously said to colleagues before any mention of a virus, that if you put society of today back to 1939 they wouldn’t be able to cope
It's not hard to believe in the slightest
I was looking for a new shelving unit to put my pasta and toilet rolls
I fear it is more sinister Mike. Shelves are empty of basics  too in the Wee County . It is ,I’m afraid to say orchestrated by small shop holders here sending multiple runners to buy everything then sell it for a big mark up. During WW2 folk like this were arrested
People aren’t panic buying because of social media mate
Why isn’t he at home
Surely someone could surely share a pic of when the shelves are stocked to counter this.
I only want 4 bog rolls. A guy who lives alone ordered 48 last week and 16 today, and got them. It drives me bonkers !
In fairness, from a retailer perspective, bulky items are not easily replenished.
Christmas shopping complete!
My suggestion Mike is for all supermarkets to be closed for 24 hrs, this would stop this nonsense, and when re-opened limit to one item of each product,Simples.
Not just London @Iromg madness
Not just London
They'll stop when it starts getting difficult to open the front door, from all the hoarding.
I blame supermarkets, far to slow in acting.Why dont they limit everyone except pensioners to a basket. Get essentials and thus no way of emptying shelves
Pallets aren’t sold out yet
Use your local shops instead of big supermarkets. My mini-market (corner shop) is fully stocked with all the essentials.
The stores should manage this, they are not passive bystanders.
It's happening in greater Manchester I popped in after work for normal weekly bits bloody nothing! I wish I'd gone out & panic bought like everyone else I ca not line up early in the morning as I work & nowt in when I leave work! I'd die of starvation before I get the c'virus
I blame the supermarkets, they could control this better but their greed gets in the way.
I think it’s not just panic buying, it’s a lot more people going to the shops in the first place. There’s a question, that were supermarkets actually ready for this in the first place ? It must be difficult to get ordering right if you didn’t see it coming
It's starting up North now, not as bad as this, but toilet rolls are the main target. Needed security in one Tesco with women pushing and shoving. Heard of one woman that has 30 packs of 9 toilet rolls in her spare room.... That is what we are up against.....
For sale £1,000.000Industrial strength bog roll (unused)
Not even an egg in @sainsburys this morning at 9.00 am maybe they should limit the amount of people in their stores at anyone time. Who in their right mind queues for an hour before the store opens. THERE IS not A FOOD SHORTAGE. #getagrip
What shop is selling pallets i need a few
I’ve been everywhere looking for blue pallets!! What Tesco’s are you in??
It’s not just London I’m afraid
No Club king size or Famous Grouse in my local shop in Glasgow. Absolute disgrace.
They're not very absorbent though. And might leave splinters.
Thing is now @Iromg I think people are buying food because they don’t know if they will have the money in the coming months to do so. Next comes looting!
If a buck can be make then be assured someone will do all it takes to make that buck!Remember tho, the public don’t forget!Karma does and will work in mysterious ways!
That's appalling. I fear that people are going to be robbed in the street or burgled more often even just for food the way things  are going with COVID-19 in London & panic buying does not help.
5 minutes. That's all. Just 5 minutes.
Make it illegal to panic buy
Did not know you was in a Sienfeld episode..
Too late, really
Bloody loonies, it's just going to cause more shortages for longer
Tory Britain. Brexit Britain. Selfish Britain.
Not just London Mike
What do you expect this day and age in the UK ? ,im sorry to say but this is the country that the UK has become and its embarrising.
I don’t live by your mini market!!
Shadow Khan is still popular. London does stupid.
It’s all over the country MG no fresh veg, no salad stuff, eggs, pasta, rice, cereal this is more than a result as bulk buying
@hostileholly5w
I know. I never knew we had so many preppers and survivalists. Can I nominate London panic buyers for plank of the week?
Is really now 'panic buying' surely now it's planning ahead for self or imposed isolation.What would have people do have nothing ready then go to the shops when they are ill?2weeks ago it was panic buying, now it's preparing.
Maybe we need to return to the 1970’s, and introduce Ration Books? #panicshopping #IROMG
Sadiq of course !
@BCFC Trophy cupboard #coronavirus
Waitrose does not do high volume and as such is much more vulnerable to enhanced buying practices as seen at the moment.
which Sainsbury is that?  selfish f*ckers
where is this supermarket
Yep but then you'll have to add in all the corner shops that have marked up prices 10 times
No queues at Majestic MG
Surbiton
thanks.  no different in west London either.
Panic buying Is all over the country now.
Where are they putting it all?? I can’t shop till after work and it’s absolutely pointless- everything is gone by the time we get there!
Couldn’t imagine living in London right now.
Living in lockdown Spain: in supermarket yesterday expecting to find it empty, was surprised, mostly full. Fresh meat, fruit, bread and toilet paper same as usual. The only thing empty was the dog food and the wine we like (Got dog food in Lidl and 2 bottle of spirits instead.
If the general public ca not stop hoarding, we may need to introduce some form of  rationing.I also think supermarkets should have acted sooner to stop panic buying.I'm concerned for the likes of my 91 year old mother. I can see her having to move in with us.
Pathetic behaviour made even worse when you hear on the news that there is no panic buying going on in Italy.
Not just London happening in lincs of all places. #planks
Well name the store location
Governments: "Stay home to flatten the curve and everything is gonna be fine"People: "Let's panic-buy everything to prepare for the apocalypse"
"Antibacterial"
Have any of these people who brazenly fill their trolleys been on your show to defend their actions Mike??
Tissue Issues
Has anyone worked out how this is any different from seasonal flu?Mortality rate is similar. Is it just another chapter of Project Fear?
Shelves full here in Munich....and fuel prices dropping! Unheard of...diesel 1.14 eu per litre....that will be next panic scenario in UK!!
No it isn’t
Here in The Netherlands the same I’m so tempted to put a hamster  suit on and follow those who’s panicking buy stuff and when they look at me if I’m mad than I say I just copy you crazy isn’t it?
Pasta and bog roll appear to be the cure for covid19.
Just the last 24 hours?Where have you been for the last MONTH?
I presume this is the Cummings-Johnson two-headed govt problem. Except now with infinitely bigger consequences.
It’s been shit from the start. They’ve totally lost control of the messaging. And it is causing a lot of fear and panic and worry.
Over the last 24 hours? Last week surely? Every single press conference seems to generate a load more unanswered questions.
Just the last 24 hours?!
The last 10 years
Even more unforgivable when you note they are having daily press conferences precisely so the comms are clear. Then still having off-the-record briefing to screw that all up.
The PM is out of his depth. His team are incompetent and showing it on a daily basis. People need leadership and direction - some need told what to do.  Most of all, everyone needs clarity.  This is not happening and confusion increases to varying degrees throughout the day.
The nudge unit in action.
Half of all cases are in London, it's going to happen sooner or later or we turn into Italy, better to put London on lockdown and get all the seniors out.
And it comes on top of weeks of failed comms, where what the government says wo not happen is the headline announcement of what will happen three days later.
I have a bunch of friends who were not 100% sure about leaving London who panic evacuated, which must have happened at scale and will significantly accelerate national spread. Shameful
Almost as if the Cummings / Johnson regime was not as brilliant at comms as it likes to think.
You ca not control social media at the best of times. Also far too many blueticks spreading panic.
And as each successive pronouncement gets overturned within days, the less seriously anybody will take subsequent pronouncements.
Yep....have been saying for a while now that we cannot be quite so condemning of so-called "panic buyers" when what we keep getting from government is stoking up fears without providing any resolution...
I still ca not believe the medical officer telling people the model accounts for them not complying with restrictions in the press-conference to tell people they must comply with restrictions.
At least he did not spend 2 months calling it a hoax, saying the infection would disappear by April and everything would be OK.
the intention was probably to get people ready for lockdown...….but frightened the horses instead.
Cummings and Bannon love chaos and confusion.
Cummings pulling the strings with lies, mistruths and dribbling bits of news to favoured reporters For weeks we had take it on the chinHerd immunity Press conference now Cummings experts trying to deny liability We arrogantly ignored whole pissing world ! #covid19UK
I think this is more a sign of utter incompetence than anything else. We need leadership, and all we get is @BorisJohnson
There are many problems here, but one of the most significant is Johnson's lack of specificity. He failed to rule out these moves yesterday, the proposals were leaking out to journos all over the place. Now journos briefed it wo not happen. A terrible mess.
Or a mass exodus as happened in Italy
Its not just London, people are ramming the supermarkets everywhere and stripping the shelves in anticipation of lockdown. If you do not give clarity, people fill the space with the worst case
What if the plan was to force the rate of spread outside of London to increase?What if the 'Herd Immunity' bullsh*te they claim they've changed had not actually changed & they lied to us?They are known to lie to the public & they have been known to use dirty tricks in the past
Even in case of lockdown, supermarkets will still be open - at least this is the case in Italy, Spain and France. So this panic buying is just plain stupid.
Yes- but Cummings also clearly out of his depth....  if he's the great strategist, how can this chaos still be happening  -
And possibly to smaller centres where hospitals are less able to cope?
I know why people voted to leave the EU and why they voted for Johnson - but what appalling timing. The wrong man being faced with 2 huge problems way out of his comfort zone - oh for him to be back on HIGNFY.
When has their comms over the past few weeks been competent?
Is not Cummings supposed to be some kind of comms genius? My niece makes more sense.
It's as if they have never read Appendix I of their own UK INFLUENZA PANDEMIC CONTINGENCY PLANOCTOBER 2005 (the 20th of that month being a day I remember vividly)!
Are they still doing Nudge? Or is it now Shove? Or maybe it's Tug-of-Nudge?
I have friends now fleeing London back to parents to escape the potential lockdown. Is not this what happened in Italy causing increased outbreaks elsewhere in the country?
uneasy is the head that wears the Corona
Are they flying kites on blue sky thinking ideas? What are they playing at?
In Cambridge the angry and disgruntled arm themselves with eggs and throw them at Waitrose staff
Oh dear what would Laura do if that happened?
Gotta ask who makes money from panic-buying ? ....most likely a long list of Tory donors.
They're the same idiots who are anti brexit. And do not understand anything about anything in reality that's why.
Then they want to give him emergency powers for years. Are they all nuts, look what happened when Robespierre became more powerful. Tory  populism versus Reality=two different directions.
Yes. It’s part of the fascist plan for power grab. See also the emergency powers they’re looking to vote themselves.
So irresponsible! The @TheSun ran a story that water was running short in South London. It was just a burst water main. Shame on them!
Many folk that can leave, allready have.Human nature working hand in hand with the virus here.
I agree. I was pleased when No. 10 announced a 5 o clock update as from Monday as I felt the media were running away with hysteria and creating mass panic; only to turn the TV on over the past few days and see Boris start those briefings LATE.So disrespectful and dishonorable.
Given that they have already started stealing food from the carparks, they truly need to get a grip of the panic buying crisis NOW. Sadly, I do not believe that they have any idea of the extent of the problem. Simply, as they do not live in the same worlds as most in South London.
The issue is, if we do not lockdown, I do not see how this situation improves. All the pubs and cafes where we live in zone 2 are open and actively encouraging customers to visit them!
I think it’s on purpose- get folk used to the idea of the next restriction before it actually comes into play.
Too good for him !
It’s a MESS
It's a joke. No leadership. I do not expect perfection or the Govt. to get everything right giving the circumstances, but some solid words and actions would go a long way
Look on the bright side, there will be no Brexit talks due to Barnier falling ill
Really striking how Johnson's evasiveness and inability to answer a straight question is being shown up by the experts on his flanks at the 5pm press conferences
Why is not Johnson on TV *directly* addressing the nation? Announce an address, show it simultaneously on all broadcast TV channels, live stream it, print in newspapers, store it on the web afterwards.Tell us directly what we MUST do.Its the only way to get through to all.
They also seemed to not have learnt any lessons from Italy. Lots of people will get out of London now before the lockdown.
It's the same everywhere Mike!!
Whitty and Vallance gave a science briefing without PM. All Science questions. Very informative. Hopefully, available on iPlayer.
And you know they arranged the story getting out as if it was a proper unauthorised leak they'd be very publicly going round Whitehall trying to find the culprit so they could string them up.
Johnson best option is to sack Cummings now
Noticing in London at least the worst affected are large  stores in malls with huge car parks.  Smaller shops and larger ones where parking difficult much better. Ergo close car parks except elderly drivers , cyclists and pedestrians = instant rationing..no groaning rammed  SUVs
So no lock down now? I’m confused.
Actually lightly charred pallet in a poached toilet roll sauce is what the people who are hoarding things for profit should be made to eat....
It did not help that Boris even mentioned the phrase "London Lockdown" in his public briefing last night which made the news later last night believable leading to reactions like this including a link from Guardian 》》》
Or it’s typical Dom inculcating chaos and ambiguity as a means of gaslighting us to accept what comes next.
They are disruptors, Cumming & co
Nothing so far to persuade me that my "leak - assess reaction - decide whether / how to do the real annoincement" hypothesis is wrong.
Surely it’s adjusting public psychology
and fleeing london with your virus
It is a highly sophisticated nudge psychology operation designed to make everyone self isolate for a month without appearing to do anything. Classic Dom.
And we are STILL IGNORING THE WHOLE WORLD!! #TestTestTest #CoronaVirusChallenge #LockdownLondon #StopTheSpread
They’ve never had control of the comms. The narrative has been driven by the public saying “huh? What about...” in reaction to each iteration of every half baked measure.
In the real world they would all be frogmarched out of the door -  not fit for purpose.
Cummings & Elliot WANT a Catastrophe, to destroy people's faith in the NHS, & make it politically vulnerable, & please PutinI'm going to stick my neck out here, and suggest that maybe Johnson is the 'fall-guy' here, -or maybe that's just what we're supposed to think. Fuck knows
Was that today?
Great way to keep the people scared tho eh
Been thinking they need a clear Gov Comms spokesperson! Where are they? Employ me for goodness sake. Straight talking, easy to understand language, I think people appreciate they don’t have all details yet but that needs sharing succinctly & clearly. @10DowningStreet
As with all project fear it is the French Revolution all over again for the left, they are the reign of terror
Yap. The FT and other respectable sources confirmed it was imminent.  Weird strategy
The dumbest part was the "Downing Street source" responding to rumours yesterday that London would be #lockdownuk on Friday with the comment "It's not going to happen today or tomorrow." (eg Weds or Thurs). FFS.
It's not the government's fault. It's the wildly irresponsible media. They need to be sensational to drive ratings. "Nothing's changed in the last 2 hours" is not a great incentive to have people keep watching.
People are ignoring self distancing. Some are just carrying on gathering together. They don’t seem to understand  how dangerous this virus is. It is time for us to be told we have to do these things and stronger measures taken. The NHS will be overwhelmed.
All the ppl panic buying, are panic buying From Tory stores they are laughing at us.
If they are worried about the scale of the hit on the economy that stopping London today would have, it’s tiny compared with what will happen if they don’t.
Agree David Kurten a ridiculous idea hope it doesn’t come about.
And, possibly infected people fleeing into areas with previously low or no rates of infection. If we were ground Zero, it would be understandable but this is exactly what happened in Lombardy!
The government of the perennial u turn
What if somebody inside Government said "wait, if we do not quash the rumours, everyone in London will behave like what happened in Paris, and run - spreading coronavirus."?In other words, they will blockade London, but without warning.(It's just a theory. But it's a theory.)
I did wonder about this..
Yes and no doubt those who flee, will spread it to other areas.
So much for the theory that this government have some devious rightwing strategy...The might well have. But they're so f*****g useless they'd never manage to execute it anyway.
Seeing as @BorisJohnson and co are now saying no lockdown, based on their approach thus far, this means we will be in full on lockdown within 36 hours. #coronavirusuk #covid19UK
I was thinking that too
Consider, just briefly, how a eugenicist would approach this situation. Suddenly makes more sense does not it? Cummings, the eugenicist, is chief advisor.
Civil servants were briefed this morning that lock down of London should still be planned for.
Isn’t creating disorder and mistrust a crucial plank of Cummings’ playbook, as learned in Russia?
Big Brain Dom doing a really fantastic job for us all
Just been out to local shops all masked up! Not a single person is socially distancing or wearing a mask. It’s because there is no clear narrative from gvt. It’s going to lead to a disaster We are all in the shit!
With every day of increased confusion its becoming more likely that it is entirely deliberate.
For the last couple of weeks I have suspected they have been playing project fear.  Provoking shortages & panic as a distraction from #Vbrexshit and justification for certain action to be taken
A fundamental expectation that we have for any government is that it should be *competent*!  So this in itself is a damning indictment of it, before we even get to talk about Brexit, trade deals, etc., etc.
It’s Cummings plan to let the leak happen.  Otherwise you would have heard of sackings.  Do not underestimate the master himself.
He simply does not want to take on that level of responsibility. Pathetic is not it?I think he might have read the wrong job description and thinks he's actually been elected just to replace Ant or Dec.
They wo not do it until it's too late
Yes, I've pretty much been anticipating govt advice and implementing it myself a week in advance.
It’s got to be cock-up rather than conspiracy. They are too incompetent to have planned it
I am more inclined to think this is a very smart comm strategy. The trickle of info whips up a frenzy/panic, the media eats it up & creates more panic, & then govt has implicit public approval for sweeping  authoritarian measures. It is brilliant, can disavow all responsibility.
There are some excellent comms people in the civil service. I can only speculate that they’re not being listened to or not being given full information or are falling foul of the general disorganisation and lack of operational strategy of this government.
I know we’re in uncharted waters but this could be so much better
The world’s gone mad!  Why not just recommend that the most vulnerable people self-isolate, but let the rest of the world get on as normal?Politicians are too easily swayed by troublemakers in the media.
I thought Cummings was a strategic and comms genius!!
time to  confine  Cummings to the broom cupboard with no supper
Panic and rumour mills working overtime stoked by media is blameless i assume
Dominic Cummings briefing
None of this. Just fudge.
He doesn’t have a shirt and tie!
Agree. I think a lot of this panic buying could’ve been avoided by clearer communication. On the one hand people are told they might be lockdown but we don’t know when.. on the other, there’s plenty of supplies, but as normal.
Cummings needs to go. We need a proper Director of Communications who can draw up a strategy to communicate information concisely, clearly and in a timely fashion. Cummings' modus operandi is politically driven rather than public service led.
Absolutely no shock here.  And anybody who thought Johnson could manage his way out of a paper bag is utterly deluded.
London is going to become a giant petri dish for this virus.
It could be a ploy to make the Mayor look bad, tho I am certain neither the gov nor the Tory press would do something so underhand.
Already is.Infection rates already much higher than rest if UK
Why are not we testing front line NHS staff, makes no sense and could have dire consequences.
It’s so they can sound reassuring and ‘in charge’ to the people who don’t know it was their doing in the first place. Totally Machiavellian.
It seems that BBC reporters at briefing with the CMO are hearing him talk about a 2 year timeframe.. This is crazy!Our leaders and their advisors need to focus the nation on the coming 2 month timeframe.. on making maximum efforts at physical distancing to slow #COVID19 now.
Maybe they want panic
At what point will Boris, or even someone else senior enough, grow a set of balls and remove Cummings from the equation? He’s a fkg liability and clearly his strategy is making things worse
@BBCNews 5 pm  still talking about government  "strongly advising" not to go to pubs and restaurants. Not good enough.
Or more like Cummings to sack Johnson.
130 people currently on ventilation in London, that number predicted  to double every 4-5 days... hold on  tightly ...this is going to get far worse ..
Yep and exact same happened in Spain!
So much the expert psychologists and the nudge unit.  Looks like they have not a clue about basic human behaviour
The currency speculators will be doing very well for, purely, themselves as well. The £ was down to €1.05 ish last night and rose as soon as Johnson said London (read The City) would not go into lockdown after all, having allowed the impression that it would.
Capitalism. Tory profiteers.
Isn’t it about time you just done one? You ENABLED this shower to get into power.
Why did they vote to leave EU or for Johnson? Have no clue. Incomprehensible for the good of our nation.
It's not a communication strategy. It's a tactic to test public opinion whilst retaining plausible deniability.They are not leading. They are following.
Look, this lot put what they think are ideas 'out there' to measure responses. Do not consider any of this nonsense: it is simply crap put out by lazy nonentities who are simply using the techniques of 'how to decide on the colour of a chocolate bar wrapper' to determine policy
‘Allowing these  stories to get out’ ? You mean unfounded press speculation, which  didn’t pay off.
Still no excuse for buying 60 eggs that go off in 2 weeks, 8 loaves of bread that expire in 5 days, and 96 rolls of toilet roll.
Honestly guys ... you wanna run a nationwide ‘life or death’ strategy which you have to update every 12 hours - you can get it perfect obvs ..? I think Vallance and Whitty honest and adult in approach xx
This is the best way to understand their communications.
... no, they’ve got form on this. Leaks to try out the idea, then deny everything. Thing is, at this point in time it’s SERIOUSLY STUPID. @BorisJohnson should consider sacking Dominic as that guys pisspoor playbook doesn’t suit all situations...
Would not Mr Khan have a say in shutting Lonfon in?
We were just talking about the messaging about a London lockdown and wondered if it was the govt. testing reactions to different messages. Very Cummings if this is the case and very irresponsible.
Not denying it would risk an exodus
Does not this reek of the nudge team? Leak information, get public to act on it, deny any actual policy & do not actually pick up the tab for the mayhem
Cummings et al uses it as a dry run exercisd for no deal bexit
No they are just useless.
Is anyone aware that lockdown has many stages and even the one in Italy so far allows shopping? Sensibly of course, not like these herds we r witnessing in the UK. So although we r led by donkeys we are still morons fpr panic shopping
#lockdown
They're totally going to lock it down next week. This was just to float the idea.
... as if...
Could not agree more. Imagine how much worse it would be with Cummings weirdos in charge.
Watching Johnson tonight it's clear he's not up for this. He is not the man for such a crisis. Cool, calm, informed leadership is what we need (have a look at Leo Varadkar address to the Irish people). Johnson is a schemer and a finger crosser. Utterly useless in these times.
Standard tactics for Cummings. Cause panic and confusion in order to serve their ultimate agenda.
Not that I have more than 1 wk food, but I’m about to be locked down in London, over 60 and don’t have a cat I can eat. For how long I can like beans on no toast I don’t know.
#ReleasetheRussiareport#boristhebutcher
Like it or not you need to shutdown the city, This is not the time and the place for one of your "for Queen and Country" kind of moments. This shit is real and serious. Stop grandstanding and follow suit with the other Euro countries.
So many idiots unfortunately not mate, and the government showing no strength in forcing the matter.
Following the now established pattern; anonymously float a possible policy, gauge the reaction, adjust the policy. Not a thought given to the effects.
It's completely unprecedented CJ. Unfortunately all the precautions suggested are only as robust as the stupidity around us flagrantly ignoring them...unless they're enforced.
Agreed sir.Now, can all those who spent years demonising Corbyn, stand up and apologise for their part in putting Johnson into no.10?
Indeed. Thanks for all your hard work mate, a true credit to the country and you deserve better than the idiots refusing to inconvenience themselves to flatten the curve. Must be incredibly frustrating.
Aw cheers CJ... Genuinely all in it together!
From a public health perspective , they’ve been ffffiinnnggg terrible since Day1 ( How not to run Outbreak Control 101)
It’s always the usual savages
Blame the public when the disaster overwhelms us. No clear message ,just confusion. Also lack of provision for NHS.
Government could be Machiavellian 3D chess level cynical bastards trying out policy on us to see what sticks. OR they are bigmouth berks utterly out of their depth, bluffing how to run a country . Which is worse?
Keep calm and corona on.
They got to drink
The coronavirus pandemic has left people in a fix. Nobody knows how to react to it. Get all the #Facts about the number of affected countries by the  novel coronavirus.https://mapsofworld.com/answers/health/what-are-the-key-facts-about-coronavirus/…#COVID #CoronaVirusUpdate
Lol.  Sounds familiar.  Ppl really are not that different no matter what continent they are on.
That sounds very ‘English’!
Hello Chris Cuomo
Stay home
It's not the city, it's the useless government of liars and grifters, totally out of their depth and cut adrift once their pantomime act does not work any more, because a virus simply does not care.
Talk to me
If the Bars are crowded that means they are not afraid of the covid 19, let them be after all the announcement from their local government, no one to be blame but there selves
#coronavirus_made_in_usa
Is that a good idea? I mean we here in the #USA are closing all bars and restaurants. I heard that Texas lifted the alcohol rule and now liquor can be delivered to a home.....
So it's not Kahn who's a horrible leader and should resign?
Dear hipsters and smart young things: Twenty percent of people between 20-44 years old who get COVID-19 end up in hospital
People have indulged in panic-buying in the wake of the novel coronavirus.Get all the #Facts about the number of affected countries by the  novel coronavirus.https://mapsofworld.com/answers/health/what-are-the-key-facts-about-coronavirus/…#CoronaVirusUpdate
Everyone has to stay calm their is no need to create panic government is working on providing necessary items you jsut have to do one thing stay at your home's make people aware of the spread of #COVID19tr  and the preventive measures to be taken care of stay isolated stay safe
it's a big joke for UK would like to turn it around in 12 weeks if bars are crowded everyday and 90% people go out without a mask. UK would be the next Italy & Wuhan if people continue to ignore the virus.
I simply stay home because I don’t know how to handle this covid-19 pandemic and panic.  I must admit I’m ignorant.
that’s de ju vu
Try telling that to BBC!
And in Japan almost continuous partying starting with Happy Hours from 5pm to 7pm. Anybody knows if Favipiravir (also known as T-705, Avigan, or favilavir) is truly effective in treating Coronavirus?
It's totally understandable because Italy is not to far from them . And this is a life & death question . In this time of crisis they do need lots of counseling for panic people . And advise to follow all those steps to ask for . Stay calm & deal with -concern & go to CDC . Gov .
bars tho
Bars and small business only closed in US we need to stand up government is going into hiding no one is watching
That’s a self-renowned civilised society after all.
Morning. Are you developing symptoms?
too much milk !!!!
I had not thought of that... but it would be consistent with limiting PEE and testing for NHS staff.
Makes sense.... Broadcasting fairy tales everyday..
Boris press conf performances increasingly sub-Trump. Soundbite slogans,unfinished sentences.He's swaying twixt authoritarian&libertarian bar stools.Til Covid truly under control he should squat on authoritarian one.The faces of the experts flanking him belied PM's 12 week boast.
Please reiterate that school will not carry on as normal, if children can be at home they should be at home.
Thanks x
Johnson the useful fall guy, exploited by the real bad boys....dispensable ....but who waits in the wings ? How can the powerful lack so much empathy for those they want to control and exploit? Sickening .
Did I just hear @benjaminbutter correctly? Construction workers working is unnecessary?Construction workers either work or do not get paid and do not eat. As careful as everyone wants to be, those of us with very small businesses are left with no choice - we work to survive.
Please make sure parents know they need to keep them at home of they can
Many thanks to all the team at @talkRADIO for all their hard work during this period.  Factual, clear output without the scaremongering  edge. Providing an open forum for listeners, not just jam-packed with expert commentary.Well done to all.  @talkRADIO @TheSun @thetimes
School kid's must continue to wear school uniform at home...
Buckingham palace is now available to be used as a hospital. #coronavirus #playourpart
The mugs are the ones who listen to your pish
Steve, hearHear Best News in UK @JuliaHB1 @Iromg Hi Mike ; Julia, PLEASE can your colleagues get @talkRADIO added onto SkyTV Radio Channels like @talkSPORT is on Channel 0108. Many thanks. Down the line...A live TV Channel would be great too, combining Studio ; Podcasts..
TalkRadio should be aired on the TalkSPORT frequency so truck drivers with rubbish non DAB radios can listen to it
See you've got a comedian in the family Julia.
Have you got any symptoms yet?
Even during shutdown food shops still open
Yes panic buying is spreading the virus. We need a London lockdown NOW.
Hey @JuliaHB1 did you reply the tweet of @BorisJohnson thanking NHS the same way you replied the tweet of @MayorofLondon ? (Thanking supermarket workers, drivers...)
Of course not... she is evil not a professional
A nurse friend of mine told me they’ve had to hide face masks on her ward as visitors keep stealing them
they seem to be deliberately trying to sow confusion, start stories running then deny them as "rumours" It's not the comms that's at fault so much as the pair of goons at the top.
"Well I..... I...... I...... um...... I...... watermelon smiles.......erm..... I.......I...... I...... I...... last gasp....... erm ...... get this done...... erm..... &lt;invent slogan&gt;....."A buffoon.Always was. Always will be.#LiarJohnson #JohnsonMustResign
Lots of it in Manchester so yeah do not rely on other places being better.  Living in London made me reconsider living there. Over priced violent dump.
I'm trying to be charitable and putting it down to blind panic rather than selfishness. Have not been into Tescos since Monday, so have not seen the latest ravage. Corner shops ok though
I do think it's a bit rich for the BBC to post this when their reporting provoked people into panic buying with wall to wall rooms predictions and then constant reporting about how people were panic buying loo rolls causing more people to do it.
This is a direct result of modern living . this stuff would not have happened 100 years ago . people were more prepared then and self sufficient
It's ridiculous is not it?
Hi Rose, best thing we can all do is post pics of full or even better stocked shelves when we find them. As soon as people get the idea of stocks bring abundant again they’ll soon stop hoarding.
We need to drown out the pics of empty shelves and long queues ads it’ll just perpetuate the problem.If people think there are shortages, they’ll carry on buying extra ‘just in case’.
Because people like me still need to have food. I’m not in quarantine and not vulnerable, and home deliveries are out of the question for at least a month.
No better in Gloucester or Winchester
The bitter irony of Corona unleashing 100x what Brexit ever could
Northern California here! First thing that went even before it was called a "pandemic" was all the beer, the cases mostly, most of the singles in like.. gas stations were still there.
How much of this hoarded food will be thrown out after a month when it is out of date?I'm disabled and only got paid yesterday so have only managed to get a few things.
Perhaps they could also learn from MEXICO!!!
All it takes is for one person to start panic buying and it spreads like wildfire. Ironically contagious, like the corona virus.
I live in a small city in North East British Columbia Canada. Ft St John BC. This is the toilet paper isle a week and a half ago.  While some TP has been restocked in the stores around town, we have not been lucky enough to get one roll of it.
Simon, I live in the Kent countryside - Please contact me if your parents are in dire straits and I will purchase some fruit and veg and other things from the farm shops here and deliver to their doorstep.
That's incredibly kind Adam.  Am trying, from a rather large distance, to source things locally.  But it's definitely getting much harder.
My son was a Para for 23 yrs and he tells me the Army wld only be used to assist the emergency services &  wherever help is needed, not martial law, Time all the scaremongering to bring down the government stopped, I think Boris, Government & medical advisers are doing a good job
I live right near a military base holding quarantined people.When last I checked the stores were stocked with almost everything except pasta and rice.Move to a smaller town.
Just been shopping with my mother at @AldiUK no milk and no bog roll the last time I checked Diarrhoea isnt a symptom of #coronavirus
Hi Simon. If they need some vegetables delivering we may be able to help out.
I’m in NW3 & due a delivery tomorrow evening. Can I drop anything to them? Happy to help if I can!
Rose I am in Ontario Canada, the same is happening here. Curious, has there been a run on toilet paper in your area. For some reason there is here and we manufacture it in province??????
Yeah!  so What’s your point?
Tesco’s extra at Wembley this morning 6am was an appalling sight. People grabbing filling trolleys up to the point that they’re overflowing and required scaffolding to support them. Absolutely moronic pigs. There is no food shortage stop panic buying.
There are water fountains or external taps, and conveniences.And by law, premises legally cannot refuse you water.
This administration needs help: the team Johnson has assembled are not up to the job; the unelected Tufton Street cronies simply don’t realise their limitations. UK needs experience, vision and lack of political bias. Decision time is now not when chaos arrived
Thanks so much.  Will DM you if you can follow me.
We really are seeing the worst in people of late. People have become greedy and selfish and do not give a shit about anyone else. Sadly this video wo not even phase those kinds of people. No need for all this hoarding a years supply of food, toiletries etc. We need more kindness.
yes, it’s out of control. I think chainstore supermarkets should have a control in place. It’s not being managed.
Feels like there’s a lot of ‘nudge’ going on!
There’s been a run on almost everything. Very few stores have the essentials available. And when they do, it’s cleared out by the panic buyers.
Simon if they need something/anything tell me and I will take it to them .
I would cycle up that hill to get to EF if they are in need. Just message me
Thanks m'dear
Thanks mate.
She does not yet qualify for a Golden Globe on her performance. Maybe she can get a Razzie.Am I the only one who thought she looked like she was trying to cry?Anyway, it sucks that people are panic buying, but we do not need people resorting to this over it.
In rural Thailand I was always in fridge for cold water bottles, never saw the girlfriend buying water & she told me not to drink from tap so I asked where it comes from, she pointed at roof, rainwater. it was collected in massive urns & 1 had an air bubble supply for freshness
I've a friend in the Netherlands who's shown me similar carnage. It's all over the world. This leaves developed nations particularly vulnerable to attack.
How do you know the Government allowed such stories to get out? Are you sure your surname is spelt with a 'D'? I think it should be spelt with a 'C'.
It's got so bad I had to go out of town to get milk, eggs and bog roll. No eggs found, but as Meat Loaf said ...
Sharing tweets of some genius, Just proving their aukaat
Here in Northumberland too. No milk, bread, painkillers, bread flour..... I'm fine for most things thankfully.
Jado v maro, Khoi Moi karke, panic create karke, anpadha vali harkat krke loka nu maaro te maroEh ho read thodi video ch
It's the same in Alberta as well Rose. People are clearing out the cities then driving almost 2 hours one way to clear the shelves in our little towns.The greed we are surrounded by is scary, and disgusting!
Would never happened during the Blitz
Awful selfish greedy people. It’s really brought out the worst in our country
Happy to connect you with my sister who would be happy to help and is local.
Hi Simon, I live in NW & would happily go to the supermarket for your parents if they need? It might be harder to get delivery services in the coming weeks.
Theres literally nothing left where I am and it's a small town were everyone knows each other.Complete tosses they are
Well done keep going
That's a pure white rolled GOLD
Stores should have thought about putting limits on items as soon as the panic buying started. Empty shelves just increased anxiety and fear of shortages.
Just wait, your Vancouver followers will vanish them.   #VAN #YVR #Covid_19 #CoronaCrisis #coronavirus #panicbuying #COVIDKindness
you’re looking in the wrong areathere’s some panic buying going onit’s just not in the places you’re going to
It’s no better in Manchester either, though for some reason most of the vegan stuff was still on shelves lol
https://twitter.com/holbornlolz/status/1241034713856434180?s=21…
@IainDale all my local independent stores are fully stocked - go local! Simples...
If only we had one…
Be thankful you aren’t in London. It’s embarrassing to be British.
I was saying this yesterday, i managed to get eggs, milk, bread, fruit and vegetable and some other bits for an elderly friend from my local shop.
Not just now but when this crisis is over use them too
Local independent stores in inner London are contributing towards the panic buying mentality. The mark up on certain products is astonishing. The chancellor needs to address this in his next speech #CoronaCrisis
Our local shop has been mobbed lately and forced to limit purchases. But they're the heart of our community and proved it yesterday.
Nothing left in Stoke Newington shops
Same with ours, but do not stop after this is all over.....
What sort of sanitizer? Have you got a brand name? Could someone post pictures of what is effective, I hate trying to read the small print to see which one might work.
The ones (and there are some) that have behaved decently by not overcharging / exploiting. The others, should be exposed and shunned.
Wheres Pembury. Were all coming
My local shop does not have flour, loo roll or eggs. It still has some beer and crisps. I think you was lucky.
Every little helps.
Wonderful! (Lend us a couple o’ rolls will ya?)
Good man Iain. If you could maybe think of these things for content in one of your broadcasts I’d be grateful:1) make 3 month mortgage payment holiday mandatory almost impossible for anyone to get through to their mortgage co at present
2) put some protection in place for people with unsecured loans/credit card debt to also have payment holiday without it impacting credit rating which it currently would do. This is a huge thing.
I don’t live near a local shop, that might sound weird to some but only two supermarkets nearby
Next week when people start throwing out food that’s gone off might realise how much money they wasted.
I would but we do not have one anymore.
3) to help self employed/sme owner rather than defer vat write it off. Write of last year corp tax4)find way to support self employed with incomeThanks! Go well
Can you get me some sanity please? Oh sorry misread, you said sanitiser  Stay safe
Very good point and we've found the same in the surrey Hills. This is a great opportunity to support local independent businesses
Spot on Iain, avoided the locusts at the greedy supermarkets yesterday & got what I needed at local, independent establishments.
As long as they do not take advantage and start to increase prices
I can hear the tyres screeching as 1 million cars speed towards Pembury. Hope your local shop has a large car park.
There will now be a queue for sanitizer outside a shop in Pembury
Yep. We're here. Looking after my clients as best I can. No inflated prices here. Once we are through this I want to welcome them all back - happy, fit and ready to enjoy it all again. Keeping an eye out for my oldies. They're all lovely.
Too many profiteering small shops overcharging for goods .We will remember you
You are very lucky then, where we live even the small village or local shops have no milk, bread fresh fruit or veg.
I see people are now stocking up on candles. Could be power cuts next
After seeing the queue to get into supermarket yesterday, I carried on driving and went to two of my local independent stores. Had everything and didn’t have a million people breathing all over me.
Meanwhile, in another part of Kent.....Ours has been swamped by people from local towns and is being comprehensively stripped. Elderly and vulnerable in our village stand no chance
Ok for you out in the sticks but in the city’s we have pirates running our corner shops
If you’ll pardon my saying so I think you should delete that tweet before you start a stampede.
Most supermarkets in Yorkshire are fine. London seems to be the problem for some reason.
Great idea except those that have raised prices and give them a bad name
Three days? There are Chinese people who have not been out of their apartments for six/ eight weeks to stop infection so you will have to toughen up
Have they put up their prices?
It's amazing. The exact products that are not there in Tesco or M&S are there in the local off licence.
And carry on using them when this is all over!
We would use our independent store if they would not inflate the prises!
300 shoppers swarm on said shop...
IainYour right, we should all support our local shops.Just hope your local shop doesn’t suffer the recent fate of other isolated village shops in Hampshire which have been cleared out of essentials by outsiders descending in numbers.
We are. Take care Iain.
Ah, Pembury.Used to love the outdoor pool at Woodsgate when I was a kid, all long gone now, but still there in my head.Thanks for the memory of better times.
Well said   local shops owners work long hours to serve their communities. Some people make it their mission to discredit them.
Stay safe sir!
Great idea, if they're not ripping you off.
I live in a village toosadly no corner shops just two supermarkets for a large group of villages - and now here, the shopping tourism has started as people a bit further away ca not get their goodies so they come here
Yeah if they dont rip you off
Do they sell grey tracksuit bottoms Iain? We know now your dress down attire #GMB
I agree! Our corner shop is full of stuff including eggs!!
Hv come to exactly same conclusion. Local village shops started reasonable rationing a couple of weeks ago. No attempts at panic buying. Really feel benefits of going local. Local community sanity. This might be the basis for some changed thinking after the plague year is over.
Shelves might well be full but the prices are way over inflated, some not all corner shops are profiteering, depending on your location. It's shameful it really is, video tweets are being documented in twitter.
Good advice... and fewer shoppers to joust with
You should have kept that quiet. The Cretinati will soon descend to strip it bare
Did they have Oxtail soup ? our Saturday beef stew needs a tin... Our leafy surrey stores have sold out !
Out for a run on my own with views over South Downs - others running too, all at safe and polite distance away. Fresh air and calmness - essential for mind and body at this discombobulating time.
My corner shop has got everything but they also doubled the prices of certain items. How do we report these people??
As long as they aren’t profiteering
Shop local. Our butcher, greengrocer & Baker all have stock. Pennies more than the supermarket
Some local shops like one in Cannons Park have just super inflated prices to get as much out of the situation as possible.  Credit though to #Shenels in #Stanmore for handling the situation brilliantly!
Totally agree... Went to the Supermarket yesterday- No Chicken, No minced beef.... nipped into the local Butcher and he had loads of meat #shoplocal
Some local shops hiking prices and robbing people
https://twitter.com/bergdahljb/status/1241308196909826050?s=21…
Same where I live, Iain. I live in a place that has no migrants, legal or otherwise just off the French coast.
But it cost you £1245.65
Stay well, Iain. We rely on you for common sense!!
Absolutely agree we need to support small local shops who in any case have better if more expensive produce than the big supermarkets
Normally I do, but just been stiffed by my profiteering, local chemist (usual suspects)..wont be visiting him again when this is over..
My local store is a 30 second walk away. It is a typical corner shop.No toilet paper or hand sanitiser.
Hindoo khatre mein hein
For those who can: farm shops are amazing. Full shelves and much better quality, no queues and proper advice. A little drive and more expensive but well worth it. ‘Levelling up!?’
I have just been around to my local independent bakers and Costcutter and got the bread and milk I needed. 1 loaf and 1 bottle.
Apart from the exploiters..
None in my local shop although they do have bread.
Been out, done that, delighted to see lots of things on the shelves. Not necessarily exactly what I wanted but no problem.
Absolutely.  I've found a new way of shopping.  Local farm shops have meat, eggs, bread, fruit, veg amazing quality and corner shops for basics.  So stress free and easy.
Many local stores are well stocked, as people are going to big stores to bulk buy; but some Independants are ramping up the prices. It will be remembered!
We need more tweets/posts like yours Ian. Positive news lifts spirits and, hopefully, stop panicking buying.
At 4x the RRP?
Trading standards. 2 shops have been forced to close for a week in my town due to profiteering so they ca not earn anything
I did the same...shout out #LondisCheshsm many thanks to all the lovely staff
Local pharmacies also have plenty of stuff too
Mr dale you are spot on has always but on this situation I may go against your advice ,our local shops in Newham have sometimes quadruple there prices on some items ,so yes I will remember these shops but will walk straight past in the future,keep safe my fellow hammers fan
Everywhere is sold out here. If people ca not get these things at supermarkets, they go to smaller outlets for what they want.
My local store has been empty of toilet rolls, sanitiser, bread and even cat litter for the last 2 weeks........people are coming to the villages from the towns and emptying the local stores this way Iain ...people have gone bat shit crazy
Spot on.. just bought some fantastic homemade garlic sausages from the local butcher in Hitchin
Yes #RiddlesdownPostOffice #RiddlesdownPharmacy #RiddlesdownHairdresser a lifeline and always has been to a community.
It must be the legendary spirit of the blitz, that certain folk kept  invoking over the last few years.
Exactly.
My local corner shop is selling 600ml hand sanitiser for £27.50 so no, I wont be using them ever again.
I’ve just done the same.
The local corner shops are often full of goods garnered from mass buying by the shop owners and then sold at extraordinary high prices. Not all of course but plenty of videos showing it’s definitely commonplace sadly
Already have been
If the price is right.
You’re lucky. Where I live the vultures, having emptied the supermarkets have moved to the village shops/po & farm shops.. There’s a whole lot of selfish evil people out there
BBC,SKY, GMB,  telling everyone to not go to work or sit in pubs next to each other and they got the gaul to sit next to each other on tv ??? Hypocrisy or what, we have got to work to so up yours,
Where?
My local shop is just down the road.  Just went down for a newspaper - fridges empty, shelves depleted.  There was a delivery this morning.
Even your local Tesco’s it’s full and it has a limit on certain goods
Was it over priced?
you just gave the enemy more info Iain !
Use your local store so long as they are no selling bottles of hand sanitizer at £9.99; which many inner city based 'local' stores are trying to do.
Totally my experience here too.   Local independent supermarkets have good supplies.
All good here in Horsmonden too Iain and I strongly recommend the drive through butcher service in Matfield!!!  Craig and the team at Hammonds have been amazing! https://facebook.com/422230934544395/posts/2363216737112462/?d=n…
Agreed. Went night before to Tesco extra and all the shelves were empty. Then just went to check my local corner shop and they had everything milk, pasta toilet rolls hand washes you name it.
Iain, that's mainly because the corner shop brigade are emptying supermarket shelves to sell at a huge profit.
Depends, many local shops massively over charging and some owners close to getting s......
Indeed, Iain. The local stores without the large car parks and large trolleys that attract the tribe of shoppers with large wallets and small brains. #ShopLocal
Same here but word got round and it's now empty of loo roll, handsoap, bread, pizzas, pasta, and cleaning products all in the last 2 days
Hopefully they haven’t quadrupled their prices,   https://twitter.com/lima2001/status/1240381468641239046/video/1…
Be thankful you have the means to buy essentials, let alone finding them to buy! Avid listener
I think you might have replied to the wrong tweet, as I ca not quite see how this reply is relevant to it
It’s mostly Independant stores selling toilet roll for £10 that they brought from the supermarket
Poor dog.
That's what's happening where I work @IainDale. Customers using smaller shop chains where the large ones are cleared out. We're trying our best to keep shelves stocked & impose quotas on products to allow some for all. I spent over 6 hrs on my feet serving a continous stream.
Of course the gannets are now speeding down the A21 to Pembury to strip the shelves ... #loosetalkcancostlives
We have a few local shops, but unfortunately, they are the sort that are profiteering from hiking the prices
and dont give away the location of your local store either on social media !!
Because its not an overpopulated area like London.
The One Show did a piece on this and all of our local stores ran out of supplies
I discovered yesterday a local store that I must have walked past dozens of times - curious mix of Turkish, polish and others - did not understand most of the labels but bought some interesting looking jars - will definitely go back.
Used my local green grocer this morning in Stainash. Fully stocked and busy. Lovely lady and happy that she’s busy. Use them or lose them
I can afford too. My brother and mother have low incomes. They ca not afford it. I appreciate I'll have to help.
Well, at least they’re being British about it – queueing and not looting.
Let me know if you need a cab ?  I'm free mr dale
I do,have done since the start of this crisis. Less people less queues = less chance of spread of virus. We have to buy less no weekly shop for now. Social distancing works.
I’m working in Guildford today the local market is in full flow there’s people everywhere it’s heaving it makes no sense whatsoever!
Try in London. Totally different
Spot on Iain. Just back from my local shop. Bought bread, loo roll, cat litter. They also had milk, kitchen roll and plenty of food. They are getting smaller deliveries of everything, but they are getting them daily
Sssshhhhh keep it quiet. Let the townies duke it out
Meanwhile, at my local chippy...
Local shops are at least 20% more expensive.
An Allowance Per Person, Issued When a Card Is Presented!Oh, Yes, UK Had To Do It During WWII - Called Rationing!Ppl Buying Fridges & freezers - Possibly Using Holiday Money To Pay for Them!Artificial Increase in Demand!Nurses & Other Emergency Service Ppl & Public Lose!
Yes, it's called soap.
Also support you local butchers and bakers.
Have been advocating boycotting the greedy supermarkets for a couple of years now.  Get my milk and dairy delivered and meat direct from farm.  Local small shops near me are fully stocked and not charging inflated prices. Shame those who are!  Buy LOCAL & independent.
Not for much longer though. Even I'm minded to drive down there given  the absence of such items in Sidcup. Bet your flavour of the month in Pembury.
At least your corner shop owner has some morals. The ones near me are using it as a chance to profiteer from the pandemic...
As long as they’re are not profiteering by ramping up prices on those essentials to take advantage.
I would if we had one!
Local Tesco Express just had delivery of loo rolls - no rush or panic to buy. Keep calm everyone, we'll get through this so much easier
How much are these items?
I think they are. I'm sure that's what I was witnessing last Monday night
Popped out, needed fresh air after banged up for couple of days.Aldi had good system, about 12 people in at a time, restricting certain items to 4 and there was a sense of calm. Cashier said food policy changes daily, most people sensible and actually chatting to each other.
I am a sales rep who delivers soft drinks to independent stores. The vultures have descended on them this week in London. Yet many have kept stock out back for their regular clientele, especially the elderly and at risk, maintaining standard pricing. Proud of them
So did I.
Not all Tony. I have some clients in West London who have been keeping stock back for their regulars and charging normal price, despite some of their cash and carry's price gouging
Our village has Lincolnshire @coop they have been a lifeline and the staff as brilliant as ever.
kind of tryin not 2 2 much/at least taking just 1 item,I feel if we take lots from local shops then people thatdon’t drive egv elderly mightget stuck.Honestly,this whole thing is doing my head in tryin 2 do the right thing+I’m spending more time than ever in shops 4 small qty x
Up here we have Local Store Nomads. Because the supermarkets are limiting goods they are getting in their Renault Espaces and hitting the One Stops, Premiers and Co-Op wreaking their vile bulk buying on shops 10 mile from their houses denying locals much needed supplies.
Ca not do that where I live, the parasites have cleared them too, all the little shops have no bread, loo roll, frozen food, even pet food I ca not get anything for my 79 year old mum
Good idea I’ll try that
I'd keep it quiet if I were you.
Well we would but the local shop although well stocked is charging 10 quid for bog roll so they can go whistle.
Not the ones that are inflating prices by extortionate levels.
Excellent message. How about making a video / audio recording for mass circulation especially to supermarkets? My script attached.
Went to my local farm shop which has an abundance of everything but the nearest town/city is at least five miles away and people would rather go to a supermarket.
Won’t be for long now you’ve tweeted that mate
As long as they keep their prices the same. So many are profiteering
Send us some Ian
I queued nicely at our local farmer's market this morning and so did everybody else. Good old fashioned British values and there was plenty to go round. No greed, lots of pleasantries.
Hoarders are lazy, local shops tend not to have car parking or shopping trolleys so they steer clear. Yes...support local shops.
The Pembury Road will now be jammed!
Went out for full fat milk a couple of days ago. Tesco Express only had cartons of 1 pint skimmed (and empty shelves everywhere). Corner shop about 2 minutes away was fully stocked with milk. The panic buying lately has been beyond ridiculous.
Was born there,  Pembury, not the corner shop.
Have to agree, out local Spar shop is well stocked as well!.....
Get back to us when you find them
Could not agree more. Went on a wild goose chase the other day hunting milk, must have tried half a dozen different stores, the only one who had any was my local corner shop.
Any items under £100 ?
Unless they have increased the prices to a ridiculous amount which sadly many have.
Fully agree, went to an independent supermarket to shop and the stock was almost as normal. Sainsbury's 5 mins away almost empty!
As long as they're decent and not trying to fleece customers by charging someone's weekly food budget on a 12 pack of loo rolls
Our local Nisa in the middle of east london has been brilliant, no price hiking, fresh, frozen and cupboard items. The boys in there have been working till 3 am some nights, when they get a delivery at midnight. Not everyone is a greedy sod
I wo not use mine they have bogs tolls double price and Aldi nappies double price ca not stand rip of merchants
We'll all come to Pembury.......
Pembury Church; a peaceful location for a weekend stroll. Stay safe and well, Iain. xxx
I work in a grocery store. I do not want to judge my customers but I'm really glad my company put anti hoarding policies in place on TP, PT and hand sanitizer. Overall business has way shot up but ordering and stocking are trying to be matched. Too much demand, too little supply!
Husband popped into our local shop this morning, they’ve moved the alcohol from behind the till, to replace it with hand sanitiser, which they’re selling for £7.  Disgusted. Will find a new, slightly less local shop instead
Londons been a shithole for years now, surprised you tolerated it for that long tbh.
Just be careful. The virus lasts hours in the air and days in surfaces.
Still in shock from your state of undress in your bedroom the other day.
Local stores in my town are empty as well.
Any price increases?
No
If the prices were normal then the chances are it is not being run by some of these unscrupulous muslim shops.
Why doesn’t the Mayor say something
No price increases, impressive, unlike a few, with numbers growing and a Morrisons.   People need to remember this when the end comes.   We need to reward businesses that's suppport people and pubs who still provided a service to communities.  Uk Gov reduce beers taxes!
Where in Pembury? My hubby poorly and have no sanitizers
A huge chunk of this will be due to home-working, not ‘panic-buying’. Local supermarkets have to sell billions of extra calories that were previously supplied by Pret, Subway, Eat, etc.
On the Romford Rosd crossroads
But avoid the sharks trying to capitalise like this one in Ewell:
Just wish we had one out here in sticks!
Our local post office.
Offices in London go through ~1m toilet rolls per week. All that supply has had to be diverted to unpredictable suburban locations around the capital. Even without panic-buying, we’d probably still see empty shelves.
The local farm shop that I go to every week was cleaned out with very little left. The owner who I know said it's upsetting as his regulars are suffering with people who he is nows wo not come back. Decided to restrict due to this
Obviously panic-buying is happening, but I wouldn’t be shocked if someone crunches the numbers when this is over and finds it was less prevalent than first assumed.
Must be a London thing Iain
I would but mine is charging £8 for a bottle of anti bac gel and £5 for 4 toilet rolls. Refuse to be sucked into that.
I think things are generally calming down a little bit after the initial panic. Went to Lidl today and they had a lot more stuff. Some people still going overboard on bog paper and Chicken ???
Jesus that’s a lot
Unless you live in Halifax in which case the friendly local corner shop is trying to flog a £1.20 loaf of bread for £4.00!!!!!!!
We went to three local shops this morning after hearing about the mad queues at the supermarkets...got what we needed and no mad panic buying going on
Can we have the full address of your local corner shopplease.
Totally agree
I’m reading this 8 hours ago... I bet if you went back 2 hours later it would be very different.
We are / were a nation of shopkeepers!
Our local was bare
Name do not shame
Couldn’t agree more. I’ve avoided supermarkets and used farm shops, local delis and shops and got everything I needed in the correct proportions
As long as there not selling loo roll 50p a sheet .
Do not tell everyone or you will have loads of interlopers ravaging the place!
Same here (Prittlewell) - only empty shelf was eggs.
This morning I found some gorgeous carrots, daikon, huge red and green peppers, spring onions, shiny aubergines, lovely big heads of garlic, blood oranges, several varieties of interesting lettuce, (ie, NOT iceberg), and fat fennel heads at my tiny local indie shop.
Thought you would be in Asda wrestling all the pensioners to the ground
Get Cobid19 done!
We're marching like Somme volunteers (my grandfathers) to a catastrophe. We have not deveoped fear of #COVID19. Lockdown was needed before the Mar 11 Budget (people crammed into Parliament). Before the Cheltenham Festival. One superspreader in Korea started their epidemic.
Italy is up to 800 deaths per day and is losing control. We face as bad a crisis, or worse, with our weakened NHS overwhelmed within two weeks.
Our death rates without adequate care will be more like Wuhan (2.8%). Read the blog by Daniel Falush, a British mathematical biologist based in China.  http://paintmychromosomes.blogspot.com
He identified four qualities of a good response  1. Openness about the reality. 2. Willingness to take painful measures 3. Strong logistics 4. Take people with you. The UK is weak on all four counts. China did it after the terror of Wuhan.
UK advisers misled us about the science, severity of the threat, herd immunity, the 'one month' to bring in staged  'social distancing', and the time frame of this disaster. They 'suffered from institutional capture in thrall to charismatic politicians they report to.' (Falush).
A million people died in 4 months of the Battles of the Somme. We're facing something similar. We needed a lockdown twelve days ago. Every day of delay causes thousands of new infections.  With a total lockdown we might get some control in 8-10 weeks.  Be afraid and comply.
You live in Brigadoon?
We live in France and have no panic buying in our supermarket. Do not understand the stupidity of it
Not a drop of milk or slice of bread in mine. Not to mention anything resembling a beer!!
Unfortunately don’t think it’s going to get any better either. People will just not listen. There’s no need to stockpile there’s more than enough to go round for everyone
Everything needs closing down including supermarkets and pharmacies. Army needs to take control and start delivering rations to people’s homes.
Emily, that's very kind of you.  Thanks so much. I think for now we're under control but I deeply, deeply appreciate it.
I’ve used a farm shop today. They had lots of fresh fruit/ veg, bread and eggs all grown, produced locally.
Correction.  Use them as long as they did not go to the Supermarket and buy all the stock to put in their own store at a massive mark up as some are doing.
However, I think some of those forklifts were exceeding speed limits.  (“...Was that a Malibu?...Vrooom vrooom!”), Tom Waits
So you’re still hoping we can suppress the virus? You still seek to delay herd immunity? And you’re happy to advocate measures which close down economy? Surely the longer you extend this the worse the damage to society? Is that acceptable to you?
Worth reporting that boots only allow 3 people in to their store at one time for social distancing and whilst there will be video of queues at Costco this was because they limited the amount of people in the store and people kept 2m+ apart. It can be done
This footage is almost unbelievable. Honestly I wouldn’t have believed this happened without this footage.
Unbelievable. Look out Italy here we come
"- The patrols and increased security is in response to recent panic buying over the COVID-19 crisis."Presumably you're worried about your supplies of tin foil?
what are neighbourhood police?
NO MESS @ JAPANESE SHOP
Importantly,  PLEASE DO not WASTE any of your precious food, make soup, puree, sauces and SHARE food and ideas. please retweet to save our resources
It’s all down to the demographics.
Kostum lu kan udh anti virus bro
Ca not courier and taxi companies help with deliveries?
Hope you and the family are ok, sending our love to you all.
Impossible
What if supermarkets make up customer orders and then they can collect them from the stores or have neighbours collect them if they are in isolation, I’d be happy to help on my way to and from work
We tried last night.  As in-laws aren’t allowed out and one has a heart condition.  Not one of them explain how to shop for them.
Just had email from sainsbury , elderly and vulnerable have been contacted if sainsbury has their details
One of our local smaller stores in Crouch End has started home delivery services, phone and they can drop off fruit and veg, groceries etc.
That’s called click and collect, which they already do.
Taxis. I told you yesterday
My sister has to set her alarm for 11.55pm and go on Tesco's site dead on 12.00am just as they release slots.
We have budgens supmakert
I’m vulnerable and can’t get a slot for 3 weeks! Help pls xx
It's a London/SE thing mainly but the wholesalers at the New Covent Garden fruit and veg market have turned to home deliveries:
Chester Aldi last night. Fully stocked shelves, calm customers & friendly staff. All keeping 2 metre distance. Panic buying seems to have halted. Hopefully, this will ease the home delivery chaos.
Just wanted to say a massive thank you for mentioning #vulnerable #elderly Have sent @piersmorgan a tweet asking you both to fight for us now.  I have a broken ankle, asthmatic and trying to care for my mum who is 74 with heart failure. Love to @GMB for helping us xx
We could not even register on some sites last night, and other sites just crash, we will have no choice but to go to a supermarket when the time comes.
I was in the ocado online que. I started at over 15,000 in the que. I finally got through for the website to say "sorry we are not taking new customers" and that was it! Why not but this message on first...!
We can’t get slots, so I’m shopping for 2 sets of grandparents and ourselves. Can only get 2 of most things so I’m shopping every day. So much for self isolation.
@piersmorgan could learn a lot from you at the moment - have a word in his ear and tell him he is not helping and get over his childish grudge with the government - it’s not all  about him!
In Bristol my home town 2 of our Iceland vans have been burnt out and 1 Asda van! So the delivery slots for the community are looking 3 down as they’ve lost there ways of delivering thanks for bored youths that aren’t following the rules!!!
Just had email from Sainsbury’s saying they will get Gov. database this week and contact the extremely vulnerable next week offering a delivery slot. Hope this works.
People with a slot should ask their elderly neighbour's  if they would like anything
Actually a bit of a cul de sac. If you are not registered with them as vulnerable you cannot get in contact to change it. Been trying for some time. The same with all stores.
Well said absolutely l agree with you Susanna Reid Xxx.
Iceland are prioritising delivery for over 65’s and vulnerable
Had this email regarding deliveries screen shot the most important on it regarding the elderly from @sainsburys chief executive
Get construction workers off sites and employ temporary delivery drivers, sorters etc
Just ordered boxes from @wellocks for my neighbor. Picking up Saturday. Such a relief!
I heard a rumour that council staff who could not go out and fix doors and windows or install a kitchen were emptying there Van's and told there job roles would change. Cant they be trained up and still hired by the council. They have the Van's. And the staff.
Our charity's #RealBreadMap of small, local independent bakeries, a growing number of which offer deliveries,, at
I tried Tesco, Sainsbury's, ASDA, Iceland, Waitrose and M&S. I finally managed to get an ASDA slot, spent an hour adding groceries, and after attempting to check out 7 times I was suddenly placed on a waiting page. Hours later I could go back in, but had obviously lost my slot.
I’ve just tried Sainsbury’s and no slots for weeks  which means I’ll have to go out at some point next week to get things for me and take things for my Dad who is self isolating due to age and health.  He’s registered blind so can’t use  online shopping.
You cannot usually get through on their numbers. When on occasion you do, it is really, really pointless.
Why not use all the local taxi firms that are sat there doing nothing!!!!
Unfortunately for me it was pure ring, hang up and repeat until i to to speak to sainsburys. No shortcuts. Hours on the phone but now worth it as we got a shop delivered by @sainsburys. Great driver. Pretty rubbish being immunocompromised.
Went shopping for my mum last night, who is in high risk group so she can’t go out. She only wanted a few things including eggs and sugar. Nothing. Shelves stripped bare again.
I applied to @tesco and @IcelandFoods for temp delivery driver work over a week ago - had nothing back so far  I thought they were desperate for help
I am a key worker (teacher), who is avoiding going out (following government advice), until my rota days.So sat up last night at 11:30pm & after the @asda website had decided to do its thing after an hour of processing my payment it was done by 01:30am!It is ridiculous.
Local market in Newcastle Upon Tyne (Grainger Market) has a delivery service most people won’t be aware of:
@bidfooddirect.co.uk company a lady I know works for they are doing home deliveries can buy certain products in bulk if any good for anyone x
Forget supermarkets! Shop local if u can Susanna. I live on an island in shetland called Whalsay population 1100! Two fully stocked shops doing a fantastic job! #supportingsmallbusinesses
It’s OK getting the slots but they don’t deliver what you order. We’ve had both @Sainsbury and @Tesco deliver but didn’t get basics like milk, flour or loo roll. How can we isolate when we’re going to have to go out and find these items! We’re in the vulnerable category btw.
Hi Just go back to old fashioned way pick up phone ask even local shops on corner of your road. As WE ARE in lockdown out once a day if your anything like me you always forget something (I hate shopping was meant to be born a lady)most small Sup/markets have everything.
Try hopping online in early hours, some people have just held slots but not checked out, they then become available. I tried Monday (self isolating also) just by chance and got one for today! @asda  it gets here!
Some children/adults on the autistic spectrum only eat certain foods , will go hungry if they dont eat there specific brands this really needs highlighting,  this isnt picky or fussy this is autism , please can these vulnerable people be helped in some way by supermarkets
I have a van and happy for any supermarket to fill it with shopping 7 days a week and I’ll deliver to any north west area from any north west store
@WattsFarms superb local service
@Checketts_  are doing orders for delivery or contact free collection. Well established business serving the community.
Ocado have stopped registering new customers.
Remember all local communities are posting leaflets through letterboxes offering help shopping, dog walking and anything else they need help with
You’re Prince Charles and you’re very hungry?
On @Iceland website you have a tab to click on to say if your vunrable or not also keep trying every half a hour as slots being released all the time xx
My daughter is a care worker and she phoned the other day saying she tried all the shops online at about 3am straight after work and #iceland gave her a slot. She has to wait 2 days for it but it is the first food shop she has had for nearly a week. Thank u  #iceland
Susanna, if main supermarkets online service is full, then surley local stores close by should start doing deliveries. Also why not communities near by help, to help those vulnerable, esp elderley who ca not get to the shops or do not have internet.
Lots of smaller, independent shops, are doing home deliveries now. Yes, they don’t have the choice, but you won’t starve. Support your local shops and reduce the delivery miles. Win / Win.
I’m stuck at home as I’m not considered key worker.If my local Sainsbury’s made up the orders I’d deliver for freeI have a long wheel base Mercedes sprinter van sitting idol. Plenty more like me
Stay local. My local butcher and greengrocer are working round the clock to supply people. Prices have not changed despite the demand. The butcher in particular is excellent. He is also trying to work with the local market to supply additional goods.
Even if you have delivery slots booked Tesco’s isn’t delivering.   am in the shielding group and phoned Tesco’s when they cancelled my delivery explained I was vulnerable they told me nothing can be done they could not fulfill my order. I reply on deliveries weekly for ten years.
Do you have any corner shops? Mine have had a (slightly ecclectic) range of things. Better than the supermarket
Maybe the government should rope in all delivery drivers, and all supermarkets could do the essentials food box. Deliveries of food (incl pet) and essential household items only. In the main no need to be buying shoes and dresses and furniture
My partner has ms and is in a wheelchair she managed to get a delivery slot from Asda in 3 weeks times but had to wait up till 1 o’clock this morning so possibly that’s when they put out there new slots
@susannareid100 really enjoyed your work during isolation.Clear, informative and totally across it all.Great stuff.
Night delivery slots for all emergency services and other members of the communities who want them I would be happy with one. Leave the day slots for the elderly and vulnerable who need them in the day @asda @Tesco ect
We're well served in Crouch End - two grocers offering home delivery (Broadway Fruiterers ; Crouch End Greens), as well as the bakery (Dunns) and the local pet shop (Hornsey Pet ; Garden Centre).  Shout outs deserved for all!
You and family keep safe xx
In Henley Waitrose we are offering special care packages for the elderly customers who can’t come out and are delivery drivers will drop them of. All elderly customers on our books are being contacted to see if they need anything.
Some taxi services have shut up near me
Try Snappy Shopper app linked to local convenience stores usually deliver within the hour (think it’s only in some parts of Scotland)
Black cab drivers perhaps? If they are CRB checked already then they could pick up groceries and prescriptions etc. There would just have to be some record of work carried out and then possible reimbursed by the government for the work?
Or Susanna, if someone who has a online shopping slot know to the vulnerable person who needs supplies, there should add there shopping requirements to that persons shopping. Just a suggestion. @susannareid100
Amazon NOW (prime members) app partner with Morrison’s. If you’re able to stay up late then they release new delivery slots every night at midnight. Still a bit of a gamble though.
We cant get a slot so we will have to go out and shop for our MIL... and then if we get sick we wont be able to shop for her and she would not have a clue how to set it up. Furthermore imagine the worst happened, one of us die, she will be left alone...
Now is the time to use your local shop. All of them that I have visited have had most things. Went to Sainsburys yesterday and saw the shelves bare once again. I do hope that all those selfish people in the beginning are happy now. Especially when NHS workers cannot get anything
Complete the vulnerable form, if you are in that group, ASAP
Sainsbury’s say they are accessing Govt information as to whom is vulnerable and qualifies for priority delivery but despite their website and CEO letter doesn’t say how you check if you are, or how to get on it. Seems like an avoiding tactic nothing on http://GOV.UK
Check out your local milkman, butcher, pub... some are now delivering (some subject to minimum spend)
Just an idea @susannareid100 why doesn’t the government let people between certain ages access 25% of their pension. Say 35 to 54. This would give them time to payback in and much  needed boost to income
I made sure I listed what my vulnerable in-laws needed and added that to our shop. Had to sign in at 3.20am and managed to grab a a slot for second week of April. Make sure you grab vulnerable family members at the sametime. But they must release next day around 3am at Asda
Some of my local farm shops are offering “drive through” shopping (for minimal contact) - @BotleyHill #warlingham @Tulleys_Farm #Turnershill #Crawley
Only in England!
Don’t know if it would be the same for delivery drivers, but loads of people have just taken their passport to Tesco to get temp work. Interview later that day and started the next day. Might be worth going to your nearest large Tesco that delivers and asking.
Our local butcher and fruit and veg shop have agreed to deliver to our house. The supermarkets are prioritising the vulnerable and at risk and you have to be registered as such with them. Don’t expect much change until they get extra drivers and vehicles in place
Even though I was lucky to get Asda slot in April went to check this morning yes it’s been cancelled. So back to square one again ..they did this last week too
I ordered from this amazing company. Delivered all our meats next day fresh and amazing quality available in Nottinghamshire Derbyshire and Leicestershire I do believe
https://twitter.com/OwtonsButchers/status/1241763362805030913?s=19…They are based near Southampton but I know they deliver as far as South London.
We have been in self isolation since last week, couldn’t get a supermarket slot at all, so I phoned my local butcher and fruit and veg shop and they have both delivered to my door. Shop local and small is my advice xx
I’ve been trying since Monday to get through to Sainsbury’s. It’s impossible
I have no respect for selfish panic buyers....but when no one can get a home delivery for at least a month it's hardly surprising people are doing it. Shops really need to step up, rashion instead of profiteering to boost share price etc ..
How are the supermarkets preferencing the elders ?By Nat insurance number ? Account info ?Don’t think @Sainsbury’s asked my age when I signed up the other day ? New data category needed ?
Community/postcode deliveries, people from each area collecting shopping for vulnerable and elderly and nhs workers to free up slots. (No contact Petrol stations) to have pumps manned by 1 operator with wireless payment only. Shut down the underground(the main spread of the virus
People need to take responsibility- if you’re not in a risk category, not self isolating merely in lock down then go to the supermarket, free up slots for those that need them . Unnecessarily using home delivery is as selfish as stockpiling
These slots should ONLY be for the elderly, disabled, vulnerable and those having to self-isolate. If you can get to your shop, don’t take up a delivery slot that may be really needed by somebody else.
I’ve done the same. Hopefully people won’t be short minded and continue to use them after this has gone.
Now that everyone knows about this I’m sure you’ll easily get one of those slots
Can’t praise @Iceland enough. They’re delivering to my today, ordered yesterday  great effort
I have just had an email from Sainsbury's as I have a delivery pass with them. After the vulnerable slots, we can have slots. Just checked and there are slots for tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday! Yay.
Avast atau AVG?
@susannareid100 I am trying to book a slot for my parents who are in #SelfIsolation They are elderly (75,80) Mum has #dementia Dad her #carer but do not meet @GOVUK #vunerable #criteria. How do I advise @sainsburys @Tesco that they are elderly? Silly q but am it is unclear to me.
Yes that is true,so ppl stop being so selfish nd clearing the shelves nd think of everyone else,
I have a Waitross delivery tomorrow & live in a small village, have sent messages to everyone to send me lists......@waitrose Keynsham
Extremely vulnerable people in Wales need your help. #Sainsburys is prioritizing people who are extremely vulnerable like me and providing a link to register as extremely vulnerable on the .gov website - but it only applies to people living in England! #coronavirusuk
Thank you!
Love Queen Charlton, Sharon, keep up the small village spirit.
Hi Susanna,The construction companies will not pay us 80% if on cards if we self isolate until Boris orders companies to shut ! Self employed we cannot pay £1000 mortgage on under £400 a month can we ? Thanks
Yes, my milk has arrived on time as per normal since the start of all this.
A great cartoon from @GraemeBandeira of the @yorkshirepost . More deliveries means less little trips to the shops.  #StayHomeSaveLives
Here’s my tip
Simply get in touch with the 500,000 NHS volunteers
Morning All,  I’m on the ‘at risk of serious illness’ list due to having very little immunity, can’t leave the house for 12 weeks & we’re struggling to get a Tesco delivery slot. Feeling really worried now.
R Noones and son is doing home delivery fruit and vegetables bread milk Ect just ring
Sainsbury’s website has changed this morning. Now a link to Gov website to link the personal info to the supermarket
Asda app has not worked since yesterday
Find a local farm shop and butchers who deliver Remember a lot of farms deliver to hotels and restaurants so they have had their deliveries stopped. So worth checking google or join local Facebook pages to ask local people. @WattsFarms are based in aylesford,Kent and deliver now
Wish I knew ! Myself & Husband are both vulnerable, I'm Disabled. We've always had online delivery from @Morrisons every week but now we ca not get any slots booked. With 3 kids in the house, we will run out of food in a week or 2 and no idea how to solve it
The fear of being shot does work even if a bit drastic
Just tried to register my blind  77 year old Mum on Sainsbury's to do an online click and collect but Sainsbury's said not taking any new registrations, what am I supposed to do, I'm in the at risk category so would have to be either home delivery to hers or I collect
I've started putting together a map of food and drink businesses offering home delivery in South London. Any additions welcome!
Some old people can’t cope with all this , They know only one way , Go out , Shop , Come home , On line is a world  they don’t understand and can’t cope with , And now with self isolation , They are in real trouble .
@a_p_hull will be your night in shining armour do not worry. He will get you whatever you need
Hello if anyone needs home delivered fruit and vegetables Ect just ring on 0161 406 8633 orders taken from 0800-1500 for next day delivery stay safe
Bring back Supermarket Sweep, hosted by Susanna Reid
Finally after 2 weeks I worked out the #Trick to get my #ShoppingDelivered with @IcelandFoods  wonder if it’s the same with the rest but now I can stop #Worrying about feeding my kids #vulnerable #covid19 #AutoimmuneDisease
Hi Susanna, have you seen this from @Althamsbutchers delivered contactless by next day DPD, really good meat from a family company in Morecambe.
Use your local shops, they are a god send
Now food is back in supermarkets it would make sense now. Not all slots but at least 1 day of the week. I realise its busy but many patients are going to be in trouble if something is not set up soon.
My dad is over 70, keeps getting emails from sainsbury's saying he is in the vulnerable category. Yet try to log onto his account to try and order him some essentials to be told my account is locked. Cant get through on the phone, tweeted customer service to be told to call.
Royal Mail have the biggest fleet of vehicles in the country. We (Communication Workers Union) have made an offer to Royal Mail and Government to assist and deliver groceries, as yet they have not taken up the offer.Can you support and publicise? Thanks. Support your Postworker
Here's a big tip, expose this as a government run virus for the lone purpose of population control, instead of the usual mainstream nonsense, try reporting the truth. It is your job after all!
Hi Kim, we're pleased to read this. We are working hard to offer as many deliveries as possible for our elderly and vulnerable customers, as they are the customers we are delivering to at present. We look forward to delivering to you. Kind regards The Iceland Team
My god prices are rising fast if they need to for supplies fine, if it’s just for profit Not. Your thoughts?
I'm paralysed tried every delivery option.Then my local taxi company sent out a message to our village WhatsApp saying they will do shopping for us ! Fantastic...
'Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag' maybe? #diversealz
A8. Many family carers go to nursing homes to feed there loved ones, because the nursing staff does not have time to do this. #diversealz
Nope! Any other offers. Sounds like a quiz show now. cc @TommyTommytee18 @nchadborn starters for 10 and anyone interested! #diversealz
Yes. Can take the strain from staff especially if time consuming task and enable family carers/friends. They could be in a good position not only feed person but give nutritional input. Often relevant for people from black, asian and minority ethnic groups #diversealz
Locally (London) the panic buying has eased this week, and everyone much quieter and calmer. Maybe because we seem to be one of the epicentres of the outbreaks, so it’s very real here.
Can "we" now campaign to get supemarkets to scrap all pre booked slots and prioritise the elderly and NHS workers.
Local farm shops deserve our support the big companies are greedy and want more and more.
And love to you and your family too
Keeping it local, save global, well done Susanna.
So shocking
1/1. Hate to tell you but Sainsbury’s are rubbish in this crisis. No food on shelves for weeks til yest ; then virtually normal. online not avail. I’m shopping also for my 83yr mum ; told I can’t do 2 seperate shops so I had to combine the shops...
Didn’t work for us tried consecutive nights/moringing Tesco, Iceland Foods, Asda just no slots available at all Supermarkets superstretched!
#diversealz If you have been advised  to self-isolate and need home deliveries of food and there are no delivery slots it is a source of stress. Much of this is because of different defini6of vulnerable and ways that it is recorded.
Definitely worth checking local greengrocers and butchers. I've had a home delivery of fruit and veg plus milk and bread from J Kerry & Sons in Nottingham. I've seen people sharing butchers info who are delivering hampers of meat too.
Be fantastic if supermarkets could provide a mobile shopping service using delivery vans; selling basics in our streets to those most needy. Yes people would need to be mindful of social distancing but the service would be a God send - bread, milk, nappies, baby formula...
Yes, I've been saying the same and suggesting that a mobile supermarket van sit outside hospitals for #NHS staff. I remember the good old days when bread and fish vans used to drive around communities selling food.
Try local council and or chamber of trade website (e.g. @KnutsfordTown) who’re publishing online lists and links to local food outlets who will deliver as alternatives.
ive had a delivery slot booked 10days to be delivered today at 4 to 5....at 1 40pm they sent me a txt saying it was cancelled..no rescheduled date..no answer on phone ..no reply to email...we are in 12 week isolation.....due to ill health my husband is 80 and i am 70...we feel so
Please read boohoo staff are at risk
Sam@the@hovis boy is back on his delivery bike
People make big pot 6ltr stews casseroles. Some saussages or chicken,beef few carrots parsnip leeks, mushrooms some lentils if you want. Will give you good nutrition and last for a few good meals
Me and my mother are both in high risk groups. I’ve filled in the government forms. Nothing.
Try Waitrose and Iceland.
I have no immune system due to a really rare disease. I have to shield for 12 weeks. I’ve had no NHS letter, no text messages. I completely feel in the dark. Yet my friend who is asthmatic has had 7 text messages and a letter. I too am struggling to get slots for food. Confused
I have been unable to get a food delivery for the past week ,I'm not priority so understand those that need it more than me ,stay safe everyone  and thank you to all the supermarkets for working flat out to help those in need
It seems at least in our town of Barnsley that the best way is to go to the store ( or send someone) and delivery slots are available same day. But trying to book online is 3 wks!
Change your date of birth to 50 years prior. Sorted
If you're over 70, call 0800 953 4988 for our automated registration service. If you're under 70 in England, go here https://bit.ly/2y9HpfJ. If you're under 70 in Scotland, Wales or NI, call 0800 328 1700 to speak with us. Thanks. Adam
Hi, the team are available on 0800 328 1700. They're busy, so it may take multiple attempts to get through and there’s likely to be a wait when you do. Thanks. Adam
Finding getting shopping the hardest part of shielding. As we are over 70, hubby has COPD funding it impossible to get a delivery slot. Our only daughter lives nearby but has COVID & her family isolated. How do we get help? #CoronaLockdown #StayAtHome
Everywhere I try has no slots still grrrr
Where are you Carol ? If near enough then I will shop and deliver to you
Your efforts will be very much appreciated by many.
@MaryemBop can any of the suggestions on this thread help you . Particularly covid mutual aid .
Always had a recurring slot on a Thursday from @AsdaServiceTeam  but trying to check out for next week and error just coming up so guess that’s loyal customers forgotten about.
Hi I know it's your day off but what about the people who are in isolation who have not received a letter yet from NHS England the vulnerable how are they meant to get food without the number required I now alot have gone under the radar and have to wait for Monday
I haven’t got mine yet either
I'd give you some tips but my home delivery from @morrisons has not arrived with no notification and they've taken money - has anyone else had this issue?
We’re part of the industry-wide effort working with the government to identify vulnerable customers so we can prioritise their needs. If you're a vulnerable customer in England, please visit&nbsp;http://orlo.uk/nTQ9G register onto the government’s list.&nbsp;-Alex
I had this today but switched from chrome to edge and it worked first time - hope this helps.
All those fit and healthy should not be able to have home deliveries and effectively blocking valuable slots for the more deserving of people.  Excellent social distancing measures in place and plenty of food.
Still need a way for single parents and carers who ca not leave the house, particularly those without easy access to transport, particularly with the cap on food purchasing which means they would have to make more trips a week.
We’ve worked hard to identify our vulnerable customers ; make changes to prioritise them. We’re part of the industry-wide effort working with gov to identify vulnerable customers. We expect to receive the govt’s list soon ; will cross reference it with our customer base.- Charlie
https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/302897/signatures/thank-you…
Urgent Please can you make contact me with I’ve sent 3 urgent emails for the attention of piers Morgan to gmb and itv and I really need your help, serious Coronavirus contamination concerns, don’t know who I should contact please help
For those who have deliveries booked you can edit the orders in the finals days leading up to the delivery slot. Why not ask elderly neighbours if they need any essentials, add them to your order & them take them round to the doorstep once delivered & arrange a method of payment.
Self-quarantine should be based on evidence of being in contact with someone who tests positive, and not on mere speculation based on symptoms.  Some mixed messages here, clarification needed.
For those over 70 we prefer to take more strict measures to prevent ill health......
But you can’t edit them even though they tell you you will be able to!
http://beelivery.com Susanna
Shanghai has closed all public buildings again as of yesterday due to new outbreaks . This story needs to come out in the open.
Don’t add an elderly/vulnerable person’s address to your own online shopping account, it may stop them being treated as priority. Set up an account with only their address and details on it.
Hi susanna first time I've contacted you , you are right people need exercise , only in their own environment , so they do not infect others , driving miles is stupid , you can do it in your own area . love Jeremy xxxx
Would you mind sending me a picture of the email you received? I have a delivery pass, but haven’t received the email? Thank you.
Why are the supermarkets sticking to one hour delivery slots? All the customers are at home. All day. Every day. Make them all flexible and they'll be able to better organise delivery slot - and so make more deliveries.
If you have more companies that are open let us know. We are making a list on https://deli.direct/places of all indies that are open.
I heard you repeat what you were told to repeat to Peter Hitchin about laws. People wo not be beaten down by draconian laws.  We the people are the law, not a few people who control parliament!
Thank you for your post. My mum is 72 and housebound with severe health conditions and she does not qualify if you look on the government website. You would need to have Cancer or similar to get any help. Its impossible for me to get food to her. Should I fly Susanna ?x
If you're under 70, call 0800 328 1700 to speak with the team. They're busy, so it may take several tries to get through and there’ll likely be a wait when you do. If you're over 70, call 0800 953 4988 for our automated service. Gavin
it is shambolic haliuea you said it. It's a disgrace the government let us down. Well said at last. Government is slow to respond and lies to us. No straight answers and they should be ashamed so many deaths  on there hands
Shouldn’t GMB be reporting on those that have recovered from Coronavirus  the figure we are told is 113,000?
You made a comment the other morning “that it’s fine, for families, who live together, to shop together”. Can I ask you please retract that comment.? Quickly. I am a retail worker, who am also on the front line, and would please aske the public to respect our social distance too
Can you investigate what is happening for vulnerable people who have had a NHS letter and have been advised to register with http://Gov.UK. This data should have been passed to the supermarkets to identify and help them. We have heard nothing from Sainsburys  Thanks
Susanna have you seen the a Utube presentation from Tom Barnett. He is a scientist of some repute he says you cannot catch a virus. You are injected with one. Ie FLU JABS. WHO FUCKED UP!!
Hey S- thought you'd like this in your thread, it's from @heartstreatham magazine - v neat..... it's a screen cap, so blurry, dunno if they could send you the original??
We would be happy to, but you can also download it from the online e-zine- link pinned to our bio. DM if you’d like the PDF sending
Hello, most areas have a group set up called Covid-19 mutual aid. I volunteer in my area & do the shopping for the elderly, call them to check they are okay etc.  Here is a link so people can check               https://covidmutualaid.org
Something you might mention on tv with so many panic buying emptying supermarkets a lot those people are having bought all that food are throwing it away I am a dustman I am seeing the amount of food going to waste
Hi, we will give priority access to our customers who are on the government’s shield list of extremely vulnerable people ; who need support getting essential food supplies. Please visit http://orlo.uk/zsnSe to register onto the government’s list. - Mared
Liz have you tried click and collect? I know it not ideal but I saw more options. Also if you are high risk or helping someone that is you can call @sainsburys and get a priority slot.
Very easy to say, I'm not getting a slot, things ca not be easy for the supermarkets,  they're overwhelmed nothing is done intentionally. Its easy to sit on the sofa and expect. If you're able get up get in the queue and buy for others.
The list of vulnerable people issued by the Government has lots of omissions and errors unfortunately. They have a set list of conditions and if you don’t fit no priority go on the Government website and register on there not sure how long response will take?
We’ve binned the big supers. Got a butcher delivering, milkman and even garden centre. Fruit & veg is a £20 box we pick up from a local football club. Don’t even leave the car and pay contactless. Will support these guys forever now.
@Brakes_Food and @BidfoodUK who normally deliver to hospitality are both offering a service to the public during this lockdown time.  Full range as in any supermarket and delivery spots available
tried Morrison's website this morning at 6.30a.m and the queue was under 150 people and had to wait less than 2 http://mins.Got a slot on 27th April.OK it's a bit away but at least have one.
Here to help
Close argos shops within sainsburys, use them to sort and pack argos delivery vans with food/essentials that people shopping can donate by buying a few extra items leave them at the argos stores, they can be delivered to NHS staff and vulnerable people
It would give exhausted NHS staff 1 less thing to worry about and help vulnerable people with no immediate family, would be a much better use of valuable resources, instead of selling useless junk nobody really needs right now, any thoughts?
That’s a great idea, hopefully more will hope on board
I've been trying to get a delivery for anything. Told me my details dont meet the criteria for delivery at sainsburys but hasnt gave me the option to show that I have a disabled son who's high risk. I'm a single mum to 3 children aswell so it's not easy to just shop
I think trans and null genders should be given priority to show how diverse the world is.
Just to follow up we rang Tesco’s today to register as vulnerable but were told as the other person in the house wasn’t vulnerable we could not be prioritised? If that person goes out shopping and returns to a vulnerable person is not the risk just as high that they will infect?
I’ve tried several times to get a slot. The one time I managed it on Asda, I filled my trolley, went to pay and it repeatedly kicked me off. This was 1am and I just couldn’t stay awake any longer, so I lost my slot!
Hi Danii, If you have received an email from us identifying that you are a priority customer please log onto http://ocado.com see the availability of slots. For all other customers, please visit http://ocado.com/coronavirus for the latest information. -Maureen
Lie about your age ?
I managed to get a Tesco slot for 27th April..... by booking it at 2am! Other than that the supermarkets are letting the vulnerable down.  I have a terminally ill husband and so an included in the Gov’s 1.5 million. Supermarkets have let us down
In West London its impossible to get a delivery slot.If i have to self-isolate due to symptoms, my elderly parents will be choosing between starving to death or dying of Covid.....(Hope all these twats enjoy their panic buying)Any suggestions for West London food delivery?
Greedy people who do not need the online slots have too. Have you tried local smaller shops
Struggling to get food delivery slots for my parents. I’ve bought a delivery pass with @asda but you can’t activate it until you get a slot. Can’t get a slot! Given up with @Tesco releasing slots at midnight, gone in minutes. #help
@Brakes_Food also offer call & collect from 8 locations across the country
It's impossible to get a supermarket delivery & I've not got local shops & have not been able to find any kind of small shop who deliver!
Have you tried Morrisons Food Boxes? https://morrisons.com/food-boxes/boxes…
It's actually stressful watching you and piers on gmtv...you ask someone a question then you keep firing questions at them ..they never get to fully answer a single question it's not relaxing watching you two .....so much so I'm off to sky news .. your egos are too big
Hi, call 0800 328 1700 to speak with the right team on option 1. They're very busy, so it may take multiple tries to get through and there’s likely to be a wait when you do. Martina
Thanks for this Mark
Please listen to this song written by my dad he died 13 years ago quite apt I think
Hi, call 0800 328 1700 to speak with the right team on option 1. They're very busy, so it may take multiple tries to get through and there’s likely to be a wait when you do. Chris
Some councils have put on links to flag up vulnerable people on their websites, so check those too.
Do you think the world kneeds to come together on this find out the truth of how it started and punish those responsible ?
Get him to do the Home deliveries, he could do with the exercise.
Fascinating 6 policemen walked into a shop inches apart...are they on a different planet!?
Hi hello fresh are good
Looking good girl
Stop piers scaremongering may help!
Why ca not you work at home???? %
@piersmorgan Keep tips coming to the vacuous airheads Reid and Morgan. We’re the 4th highest testing country but apparently we’re at the back of the queue for tests. Ireland has the same population density as the UK. Dublin is roughly the same size as London. Joke presenters.
Just ordered a superb selection of fresh Scottish meat for delivery from Donald Russell. Fish also available. Good to know some suppliers are trying to help people stay indoors.
can you please do the interviews with MP's instead of Piers ,as he just shouts over the top of their answers .I'm sick of him now ,and i dont blame ministers for avoiding him as he is so negative .I think you would give a calmer and clearer interview that we all could understand
Hi Susanna can u wish all the best to Kate with her husband in hospital with Coronavirus hope gets better soon
Really can’t believe the government’s procurement office, I have offered millions of PPE Masks, Covid Kits .Covid antibody kits are cost but no reply for 3 weeks, no respect for the lives of our nurses and doctors
Did you know by law you are allowed buy tools to fix say a fence but NOT buy brushes and paint for redecorating
try amazon or ebay for paintbrushes but may take longer to arrive
#doitfordan
Deliveroo are delivering groceries in many areas, and have plenty of delivery slots available.
I’m sorry Susanna, I’ve turned off GMB.I though you and @piersmorgan were more than ‘shock jocks’ but you have sadly proved me wrong.
Why is no tv channel talking about the interview with lucmontaigner in paris?What are all of you giornalists hiding?
I think there should be a postcode time slot where people can go shopping and a postcode time slot for walking your pets or exercising
Hi good morning Susanne I see you managing to stay safe & well long many it continue for you & your. On this morning GMB I have to agree with piers I don’t drink a lot my by god I could murder a daft pint of tennants lager lol
Who's doing your roots out of interest, is GMB providing a hairdresser ? No offence, genuine question.
Can you pass them onto Piers then perhaps he can stay at home instead of having to come to work and spoiling the show most mornings
"Possible easing of lockdowns for close family and friends".Please explain lockdown, are we in lockdown or not, it's not difficult. So close friends etc dont have Covid? Test everyone then consider lockdown . No half measures or is this to facilitate  gatherings for Ramadan .
its down to the gov't to easing us all from lockdown to see family friends ; go back to work. as you know they are testing those in hospitals. now its for nhs staff care workers teachers police fire fighters etc. the public will be done afterwards to reach there daily goals 100k
It’s you’re!
You realise if you get in bed with the devil it’s not going to end well, sooner or later he’ll cast you aside and because of the tag no others will take you on. Take action now it’s your only chance. Today’s hero tomorrow’s failure.
Please stop Piers door stepping these ministers - he squashed all talk about domestic abuse.  Shameful of GMTV...
Please talk about she hand Sher ,, I am currently in Al-Hayr prison and my health condition is very deteriorating and critical may lead to my death, and I did not get any medical care or any response to any request
You look like you have had your hair cut at this time when we are in lockdown