Total crap and Fake news.  The article says supermarkets are empty.  No they’re not.  Total bollocks.  Dangerous scaremongering.  Reminds me of the Y2K rubbish. Supermarkets prepare for FOOD RIOTS over coronavirus https://mol.im/a/8079553 via @MailOnline
Absolute scenes in Cardiff as people don’t panic buy toilet paper... have seen similar images in Gloucestershire as well
Reading reports of stripped shelves as panic buying sets in. One thing is missing from the mix, and that's trust. We cannot trust those in charge, we cannot trust the media, in fact do not trust either. What information there is treated almost with contempt. A bad situation.
I honestly think these stupid panic buyers might be better off getting Coronavirus - I've never seen people acting so stupidly or irrationally.
Just back from Skegness. So proud to be British. Camaraderie and humour in every shop, till and car park. This is what will see us through.
To be absolutely clear. My sister lives in Uganda. There is no virus there. They have full supplies of hand sanitizer. Nobody is panic buying it as they don’t need it. She is sending me some because she cares about me and her daughter who are in London. Chill out people
Mural of PM urging people to stop panic buying appears in London
there are rumours spreading around London like wildfire at the moment and some vague briefing about ‘shops closing’ and ’transport restricted’ is going to make things like panic buying - which so far has impacted more people than the actual virus - worse not better
Today’s @EveningStandard will be delivered free to hundreds of thousands of homes in London. We’re also putting many more copies in supermarkets. Many of you can’t travel and pick up a copy; so we’re coming to you. We stood with London in the Blitz; we stand with London today.
Been shopping. Supermarket shelves full. Fish, meat, vegetables, toilet paper...no empty shelves. Everyone calm, smiling and body swerving around each other to keep 1m+ distance. Cashiers wearing gloves no masks. Elderly shoppers wearing masks. Do not panic buy, folks.
My wife just went to the supermarket. They were letting ten in, ten out. Everybody queued politely and 2 metres apart. When she got in, the shelves were full.  Everyone was polite. We can do this.
Held off for 10 days before going to the supermarket. Feared the worst this morning but had to go and couldn’t have been more wrong.Hats off to @asda and your amazing team!Sensible, safe set-up and all the shelves were full.  Everyone keeping their distance too. Great to see!
A London web developer has created a calculator which tells you how much toilet roll you actually need, so you can stop panic-buying. | @thisisinsider @AL_osaurus
This month was the busiest on record for supermarkets because of #coronavirus panic buying - with Brits spending £10.8 BILLION. Shoppers in #London spent a quarter more than usual. #HeartNews
Some real talk. London supermarket stocks are now fully back to normal (including toilet paper). The butchers said the last few days have been calm after 3 weeks of panic buying. Some countries / cities may not be as organised / have dumber people but London seems alright!
I am not one of those who normally gets mushy about the Queen. But I love what she says about "the attributes of self discipline, of quiet good humoured resolve and of fellow feeling" that "still characterise this country"
Everyone needs to calm the hell down.Elderly, very young and people with a pre condition need to self isolate. Everyone else, just take sensible precautions. That is it!!
They are by me, just been there for some NZ vino.
Funnily enough, was in a local ASDA today and the place was stacked to the rafters with produce, as it always is?
I went to my local Morrisons this morning, all the shelves were fully stocked.
They have just scared an airline out of business it is just ridiculous
Sorry meant to add only the soap/sanitiser isle, rest of the shop fully stocked. Oops read it wrong.
The media seem to be intent on creating panic and mayhem.
Agree,Its nonsense, I was in @AldiUK store this afternoon.No panic buying whatsoever & a great place to shop.
My local Tesco Superstore is fully stocked. No empty shelves. Plenty of toilet paper and everything else. Local B&M the same. I'm in east London where the dense population is ripe for spread of the virus. I do not see any evidence of panic buying.
Fully stocked here today only thing missing was hand gel but plenty of soap and loo rolls so happy days.
Food riots #Brexit https://twitter.com/englishatheist_/status/1176886640951922689/video/1…
Sainsburys was more stocked than usual today. I didn’t see any panic buying going on.
Think that's is Italy.
The supermarkets are full in London. Hand sanitizer is out, but everything else is there.
I was shocked to find that my local Aldi had no sea bass on the shelves. Now that could be because the staff couldn’t restock due to the unusually high number of customers on a Thursday, or the fake news that sea bass kills coronavirus!
Trust the media to make things far worse.
Just been to Morrisons no shelves empty at all. This is a irresponsible story that could create food panic
Pleased to hear it, thanks for the support Fred!  #EverydayAmazing - Sarka
Ive just been to Tesco and it was perfectly normal
Went to Tescos yesterday, completely normal, shelves full, lots shopping
Remainers have not eaten their  "No deal Brexit" stocks of Pot Noodles yet
Were these photos taken at 3.a.m.? Where I live the shelves are not empty, & there are loads of people around.
For the first time for ages I got every item on my Tesco weekly delivery today. Usually there are one or two "not available" items.
Same where I am
I've been self isolating for the last 15 years, and only had the flu once after mixing with people. Of course I'm probably like an Amazon Tribe that has not met any westerners. And will end up wiped out with the slightest contact.
A friend sent me these from her local store in Yorkshire. I guess it varies
FFS stop with the scaremongering  my Sainsbury’s was fine earlier apart from hand gel was all gone
Daily mail App now deleted
I went to my local small supermarket today and there was no #ToiletRolls & not a bar of soap at all, as @piersmorgan would say TheWorldsGoneMad,
Trying to incite violence...they should be arrested!
Trying to create panic buying to sell more stuff! Greed!
Totally irresponsible. They're also trying to show the shopping centres as ghost towns, when they're clearly early morning/late evening photos.I know which paper I'll be using as toilet roll if panic buying gets hold near me!Who's driving this fear mongering?
Agreed. Total nonsense. Local stores round my way were as normal with no empty shelves or panic buying etc. The radio and TV news outlets are whipping people up into a frenzy. The millennium bug was a predictable total non-event. Planes didn’t fall out of the sky around my way.
Shelves are looking bare in certain areas!!
I have been to sainsburys today. Full shelves everywhere
Also shop owners half stack shelves ! impression of short supply and then trickle stock out of stores !!  scare mongering ! and they flog more !  notice sweets and chocolates at check out have been replaced with tissues and cleaning stuff in some shops !!
D Mail, write a lot of nonsense. Media cannot be trusted.
Daily Fail strikes again!
Been to Marks, ASDA and Lidl in the last few says. Usual lines at the tills and well stocked shelves.
We went shopping today. Shelves full to bursting even more than normal. Scaremongering is a mendacious juvenile act.  It’s a perverse pastime for the developmentally challenged who enjoys the misery they try to inflict.
Why are the dailymail promoting this virus and " food riots " all the time
I did a big M&S yesterday and Lidl this morning ..... this is pure bollox and scaremongery
Newspapers are desperate for scary stories to boost their flagging readerships and circulations. People are getting their news via social media and that doesn’t cost apart from the hardware and a connection. But, the more rubbish from the papers, the less readers they will have.
Total fake news our supermarket is full of everything
Both Aldi and Morrisons are full, except for red Bounties. For the love of god stop stockpiling red Bounties!
Having lived through, and worked in a superstore, during the 70s & 80s strikes/shortages and witnessed the black friday scenes of the last few years I would not be quite so sure.
I thought trade in toilet rolls would still be slow after FBPE lot stockpiled for the January 31st. They were more full of shit than I thought if they’ve used that lot up already!
I was in morrisons this morning a little quieter than normal but shelves full except for hand sanitizer no panic buying!! Although I did buy 2 bars of chocolate .. if I get really ill with this virus as I’m a diabetic I’m going to eat the lot!
Talk about a wind up
All lies no problem what so ever in my local supermarkets all well stocked
Bog roll shelves in south oztralia
I’ve just been to my local Tesco, and a lot of the shelves are empty.
The only thing disappearing of the shelves in my supermarket is loo rolls go figure
Not in my one - obviously the handwash shelves are empty (makes a change round here), rice, pasta, tea gone ; to a degree, toilet paper running low.
The only thing I believe in the Daily Fail is the date at the top of the page.
Aldi at about 6.30pm (after the post-work rush) totally fine
The media getting in some practice for installing panic when we go to WTO rules?
Scaremongering at it’s best!!! Carry on as normal!
There fine up north scaremongering fkrs
It is the Daily Liar after all.
Yep absolute rubbish- everything is business as usual where I live in NE England
Surely headings like this are seditious .
Yes fear the russians, fear crime, fear global warming.. Thus people want more government, more cctv.. All a ruse by international bankers who create money out of nothing.
Who makes up this nonsense?
Brits do not riot over food ! They protest first, then riot !
Dettol wipes all gone too.
Love twitter. Your guaranteed a good laugh
Exactly because they know they'll be people who panic then they'll drive up the prices too
I went shopping yesterday afternoon and the shelves were full. typical media attempting to create panic just to get a story !
The pictures about Italian cities being empty..I always go to these italian cities in feb march...its the only way to beat the crowds....needless to say I was not shocked by those pictures. I have photos taken just outside the Vatican with nobody in them?? Are the media hyping??
Plenty of food in my local supermarkets yesterday. No hand gel but plenty to eat
Down South or more accurately South east no problems with supermarkets or hand fell . With you it’s scaremongering or attempting to increase profits
Yes same where I went too.
Can you buy me 2 trolley full on sanitiser and I will travel down from the North on Saturday to collect them. PS I'll make it worth your while.
I predict the next headline from The Mail will be ARMY TO SHOOT FOOD RIOTERS DEAD !
Brilliant. Lol.
They will likely empty when cities are quarantined but this is unlikely  unless the death toll rises significantly  in a particular area
Totally sick of Cov 19 news. There always talking about it.
spoke to a customer this morning. she went to asda no toilet rolls, no hand or baby wipes, no hand jell or antibacterial soap.. WTF
Same bollox when rumours started over bread sugar and toilet roll shortages. People panic over hoax news like climate change
FFS... Scare and fearmongering are the tactics these days, and people really do need to stop being gullible and credulous to all this nonsense (not that everyone is being, but too many are)
Seems to me that the MSM try to create the news instead of reporting on it.  Went to Tescos yesterday, and the only shortage was alcohol free red wine!  I did not assume this had anything to do with the Coronavirus.
Did a massive shop in Sainsbury’s yesterday no shortages.
We only top up shop at supermarkets. Ocado IS becoming harder to book, so maybe people are bulk shopping online?
The same people who PR'd Y2K are probably behind #COVIDー19
Just been to a supermarket here to get the newspapers - all shelves totally full and only a couple of cars in the car park. No panic whatsoever
I've seen more panic buying on Christmas eve
False news, all lies.
The bottom's dropped out of the market!
Witnessed this today in Boots, Farringdon. An outrageous scene.
That's Stage 2 panic. Panic buying, but only the cheap stuff. Stage 3 is Andrex.
What I want to know is who's hiding in that toilet roll fort.
Rumour that Morrisons home delivery  is fully stocked up too, I ca not confirm though, just rumour....
@waitrose on Marylebone High Street was sold out of loo paper yesterday afternoon. Totally empty shelves. The helpful shop guy was telling people not to worry as he had another 3 pallets arriving today. #panicbuying #getagrip
Bristol fine also. Been to Sainsburys twice this week and fully stocked both times.
Currently in Madrid, no problems here!
Someone should tell your colleagues.
But O'Brien is a scare monger
Same in shops in Ireland. For some reason palettes of toilet paper are empty or disappearing very quickly
Pallets? PALLETS? They're no good - not soft, strong or long AT ALL!
Meanwhile, in Folkestone...
What is the world coming to?
And in London
Just shows that us Welsh have our s**t under control
News not sensationalism. Thank you
This calls for a hash tag #toiletpaperpanic
Just use the Sun / Mail instead, it’s all they are fit for.
This was morrisons in Hyde, Greater Manchester this lunchtime.
Tight eads, I  noticed the andrex is not on offer
People in Hull have always used their bare hands, so plenty of bog roll in the shops for those who want to be civilized
Maybe, it is people close to shipping facilities making a fortune by buying and selling the rolls to Australia?
Latest from Central Lancashire where tens of thousands of people have not been buying toilet paper .....
Toilet paper - never heard of it.
Here in Norfolk full shelves of t paper  in tescos but not a lot of pasta M & S full shelves everywhere
I've just been into Lidl in Saltash and there was no shortage of interesting pasta.
They'll need it when they see England's front row
Roughage deficiency?
Time for some serious arbitrage
This only shows that the Welsh have mastered the three shells.
Sure the welsh don’t use toilet roll. Silly supermarket
They just do not give a shit, do they?
looks like someone has built a fort
Honestly I think outside of London people are just cracking on
Not a single sheet to be found in Sainsbury's Stroud. Not that I was looking, I was on my way to the wine aisle which was pleasingly well stocked.
Get down to Stonehouse. They had plenty of multipacks at the Coop earlier
Loads of loo roll last night in Edinburgh but the hand soap hoarders were out in force. They did not fancy the Glitter Bayliss and Harding much though.
I can confirm I will not be panic buying anything for the coronavirus outbreak. I still have plenty left from my no-deal Brexit preparations...
The pasta shelves in a large Tesco were empty. Priorities.
Could it be that toilet roll manufacturers are hyping this up to boost sales  If so when people realise will sales bottom out ?
There’s sh#t loads left...
It is a tissue of lies
Welsh propaganda!
It's an absolute disgrace. Do ppl in Cardiff not know wiping one's butt at least 10 times a day is essential to prevent the spread of Coronavirus? Do Cardiffians want to known as the Typhoid Mary's of 2020? Come on guys, get yourself out there & clear those shelves, pronto.
Do not you be spreading common sense....
i failed to panic buy any books because thee were no convenient parking spots at Sainbo's or big T....I think I may be getting this wrong
That’d entail acquiring copies in the first place, and that’s way outside my red lines
Oh we're too smart to fall for that here.. we might need to keep an eye on the situation & make adjustments but it's a virus not the 2inches of snow that might stop delivery trucks! Plenty for everyone if we're not muppets & go 'wild in the isles'!!
Us Welsh are very sparing with our toilet rolls. A 4 pack of Andrex can last a year. Two sometimes.
I have a tap and a hand and some soap
#haywardsheath #westsussex
Like that at my lical Morrison’s
To be fair, I do not think they stock much soap in Hyde anyway.
Can anyone explain why they need to stockpile loo roll? Is it for wiping your nose or coughing into??
That gap looks like a real neat hiding place...
Just pop up to the local One Stop, plenty of big roll on the shelfs. As for gin and tonic, the bastards......
Local (big) Sainsbury's in SE London completely sold out of antibac wipes and bog roll. Utter madness.
Interesting.  I'm hearing reports of not panic buying from all over.
I’m coming down from Edinburgh, keep me a couple of rolls.
Weymouth Morrisons shelves full ( even have offers on some toilet rolls). Where exactly is this panic buying occurring ? Do you think some in the media are telling porkies ? NB plenty of porkies in stock as well.
I did not panic buy handwash, loo roll, pasta or tinned tomatoes in my nearest supermarket today, unlike soooo many others.
Bayliss and Harding is always left behind
Why would you stockpile toilet paper for the flu (or flu like symptoms)?
No? Right, how long does it take the train to get there from Norf Lunden? The missus is starting to panic.
That's because in Wales, most homes do not have indoor toilets. They just go to the woods and use leaves.
Where are the raw materials for paper making sourced? Trees from ......?
Doesn’t everybody shop online these days? - panic buying from the safety of your sofa
Is there something going on? I had not noticed
look at all that cling film left as well! WHAT is going on!
What's the average height of a Folkestone shopper?
I confirm that Morrison’s in Widnes was similarly stocked with toilet roll. Pasta still fairly ubiquitous. Handwash not marked anti-bac still available (any will work fine).
This is Bristol today
Warwick is safe from the 2020 bumpad famine
Norway.
Andrex shares are doing well
One question. Why??
We're all going to die a slow painful death and before we die we're going to run out of toilet paper. Total carnage in Godalming Sainsbury's this morning.
Harrow has fallen to the crazy.
What happened? Why are people panic buying toilet roll? Do I also need to panic buy?!
Yes, there were similar scenes at my local supermarket - plenty of toilet rolls.  The only thing they did not have was hand sanitizer.
Take all this back.. friend of mine works in local Sainsbury's ; just said on Facebook the Muppets have been in this afternoon.. abandon all hope if it's happening here, usually last to lose the plot!!
It varies.
All these people not panic buying. It's a disgrace.
Nothing to be had in Mid Devon!!!! X
Stage 4 is buying the single last pack despite the multibuy offer.
When money a problem stockpiling food and medicines maybe more important than six months supply of toilet paper
You ai not been to Herefordshire.
Same in Yorkshire...
Don’t blame, we don’t have enough to  ‘go on’ at the moment to make a decision.  Ahem.
Their letting the side down
Costco Watford was sheetless today
Daughter works in a supermarket in Suffolk and said it has been as busy as Christmas for the past few days.  Loo roll, Paracetamol, Baked Beans and pasta all sold out again.
And so it begins
Let’s all revisit this post in 3 weeks.
Where will the madness start?
I'm just back from a Morrisons where I live. No toilet paper then an assistant put out 10 packs of own brand tp 'that's all there is'! Was shocked as I thought this was all rumour
What a disgrace! Have people no sense of indecency and perfidiousness in Cardiff (and Gloucestershire)?!
Shows the Welsh are supremely confident about tomorrow’s game. Can’t say the same for the English. Here are the scenes in Sevenoaks.
Tooting Broadway today
My god, stocks of toilet paper have been wiped out!
No bloody #insanitiser on the shelves though, had to buy 100 bars of coal soap.
interesting people are more worried about running out of toilet paper then food!
Not where I live in Berkshire.  Local supermarket has no toilet rolls, 10% left of kitchen rolls and half of boxes of tissues.  No doubt the last two will be at zero by the end of the weekend.
What is wrong with those sensible unflappable people in Cardiff.
Can only be @MarkFrancois12 who else would build a toilet roll fort?
You could get the guardian delivered I understand its thoroughly absorbing and you can isolate at the same time.
I’m convinced it’s a class thing. My local Sainsbury’s in an upmarket village in Hampshire has been stripped bare of cleaning supplies, soap (even the cheap shit that no one buys) and of course loo roll. Oh and the booze and chocolate isle have been hit pretty hard to
I'm pretty sure that if this country survived a KFC chicken shortage then we can get through this.
Loads in Surrey
What is the connection to the virus?
I went to my local Co Op today & shock horror  NO empty shelves!!
Do they know what it’s for?
People feel helpless, there is nothing you can effectively do....buying food seems reasonable...until you find out, it is not #covid19panic
Everyone shitting themselves probably. Just like the media told them to.
I was in Waitrose yesterday and there was a huge flurry of customers walking right past the normal stock levels of loo paper. It was as if they had not taken any notice of the media hype at all. Pillocks.
Yep, scenes of people Not Panic Buying handwash in Stroud yesterday.
What do you think the sheep are for?
Coop Daley Rd EdinburghFully stockedStay safe!
Buckinghamshire
This was Aldi in Pentwyn... Before the suspected coronavirus patient went to the GP next door and it has to be closed for a deep clean
All ok in deepest Somerset, we also have pasta, soap, pizza, wine, just crack on innit
Couscous?
Impressive calmness or consideration of others?
Do not expect supermarkets to restrict purchases, they'll never stop making money
They’re at it in West Yorkshire too. Sigh.
I could understand if this was a stomach bug
Good to see that the good people of Cardiff do not give a sh**e about shortages
How's the booze aisle?
We must be more laid back here in Southampton, shelves are still full
My God, the horror of it!!
Well what's that gap between the Luxuary Soft and Gentle Clean..... somebody knows something we do not....
It’s usually bread and milk as when the world collapses we all make bread and butter pudding, tough times call for tough puddings.
Where?  Where in Gloucestershire?  Because there's barely a single roll to be had round here.  I've had to travel over the county border into *gasp* Wiltshire to buy some.
If it decides to snow as well then we may as well all give up
We can always just resort to unsold copies of the Sun, Excuse, and Daily Heil
Plenty of everything down here in Broadstairs...hand gel... loo rolls.... pasta. Come on down the price is right and the sun is shining too
I do not want to alarm you, but I went to a Tesco in Cardiff this afternoon and found shelves simply full of soap that people had failed to panic-buy.
Even in a buying frenzy the pokey finger stuff is getting left on the shelf. Good market research at no cost!
Yeah, you just wait until BBC West gets going tonight and over the weekend!
Just come back from my local supermarket - virtually no toilet paper (not good I suffer with colitis) no paracetamol (not good for my arthritic mother) lots of other stuff in short supply...... madness !So tomorrow another 28mile round trip to find toilet paper !!
Coop , here in Wiltshire even has hand sanitiser
Well obviously they use sheeps wool do not they
They are wrapping themselves up in the stuff they think it will protect them !
Bog roll fort!
Just buy copies of the @DailyMailUK it’s probably cheaper.
I must be thick, but why are people buying up the big roll ???
The bloody handwash has all gone though, even the flowery stuff with no obvious anti-anything! We've never been so clean
But why toilet roll?
You mean they,ve used all that Brexit  toilet paper?
Might be guilty of 4 kg Cornflakes
We have a massive loo roll factory in this country I mean massive and it’s automated.
You have posted a photo of the inside of your garage.
Madness @AUNTYJANJAN
This was home bargains in Cardiff! You are normally trying not to knock the stuff over as it’s stacked in the aisle.
In Tescos in Gloucester, loads of everything, lines of hand cleaners by the tills, except pasta. It embarrassing took me a while to work out why the lack of pasta.
Paint shop
Sensible Welsh
Sadly not in sainsbury's Otley ..
What a lovely sight, not seen that since Wednesday
Getting there in Redditch today.
I’m panic buying toilet paper but for different reasons.
Empty shelves here in Kent.
Same in Wimbledon. Full shelves
Use both sides of toilet paper and make it last twice as long.
BREAKING: All riots have been called off due to the Corona virus Outbreak.
@MunsifZaira
Taking no chances!!!
This was my local Aldi
You wait. The great bog roll famine is coming for you too.
What IS it with bog bumf that you see photos of folks with about 60 rolls...are they supplying the entire street or village? Why on earth buy up so much...the drains will be blocked in no time...or are they using it as nose tissues...hmm not much good for that is it?
Do they have bum guns?
I just do not the loo roll buying, coronavirus does not give you the runs!!!
Not so true in Llantristant Rupert....Trying to pick up some Spaghetti was impossible....Toilet rolls also sparse!
Good grief, what's the matter with these people!!
Not sure toilet rolls are the answer - how much are these stock pilers using I would like to know - if you can’t last 2 - 3 rolls out over2 weeks you should visit your doctor or something!
Wait until the baked beans run out
What is wrong with this people?!?! Oh. Nothing. Literally nothing.
Buy copies of The Guardian, same thing.
I find square inch per pence, the @guardian to be far better value.
To be fair i just thought this was happening down south, but the shelves in Home Bargains in Glasgow are bare! And i actually NEED toilet roll because i’m running out!!
No need to panic people.No need to panic.
Why is Andrex called Scottex in Spain?
Why do people need to stockpile toilet paper , if the food runs out you wont need to go will you ?
They’re stacked with a great big hole in the middle of the pallet load. What’s that about? This is fake “we’ve got enough big roll” news
My wife bulk bought rolls of toilet paper, A: because it's more cost effective  B: because we have 3 Kids and C: because we have always bulk bought toilet rolls + we had nearly run out. People! Please dont be too quick to judge.
Yes we had the same chaotic scenes in Purley this morning
Yes sorry to report full shelves in Tesco Purley today. The panic message has not got through yet. Perhaps everybody self-isolating.
I stealth-stockpiled five bags of coffee in October that I now ca not find. Always handy to know my drug priorities though.
I think the panic buying was in Australia,, tbh
Am I missing something? Pls why toilet paper? @mrjamesob
SHIT!
@Dramaqueen3125  it's just the valleys numpties...
Not a bare shelf anywhere in merthyr it just seems to be London and Oxford.
Where The Fuck Is That ?.
Supermarkets have it within their  gift to stop this.
but wheres all the Cushell Rolls... ?
They have at some point, that's why the pallets shoved in - in a hurry and not strategically placed.
What I do not get is why toilet roll. Will there be issues with the tissue . How would a virus stop toilet roll production.
And Stevenage!
I know some people have been panick buying.  I've seen it.
Meanwhile in the Oise department in France .. many empty shelves . Strange buying habits and not confined to one country
Welsh folk do not wipe their arses, they just plop and go.
Lidl Bath.  No bog roll as of 8.30 pm tonight.
Here in rural Sussex, Lidl was fine this morning. No shortages, no empty shelves, people just chatting and getting on with life. In fact, more people were buying geraniums than bog rolls. Is panicking a townie thing?
Ah, an outbreak of constipation.
Wait... UK people use toilet paper?
Wait until your precious No-Deal Brexit hits the UK, 90% of  bog rolls used in UK originate in the EU. I'm sure millions will think of Quitlings with much fondness when it turns out they ca not wipe their bottoms independently. :-)
Not sure they use toilet paper in Wales
Meanwhile in Stuttgart.
Early morning shot is it?
No evidence of panic buying o Thursday or Friday near me. The media wills it though, so it’ll happen eventually.
Its patchy, but it's happening. Currently the system of restocking restores the shelves daily, but the warehouses will not be able to replenish at the higher rates. Production cannot suddenly match demand. Next week or the one after there'll likely be surplus as buying slows.
They advise "dont panic" and it's been like firing a starting pistol.
586 patients hospitalised by flu in England. 174 patients admitted to intensive care with flu, bringing the total in 2019 to 2,092. Eight deaths in which flu was a contributing factor, bringing the total since September 30 to 23.
Luckily I'd done some grocery topping up shopping on Tues anyway, so freezer (not huge) & fridge full. Since, I've bought a few cans. Shelves a bit low but not stripped & that was the giant Sainsbury's. Did buy extra loo rolls elsewhere. Shelves were low!
Asda Coryton.
Peterbrough.
We normally keep good stocks of non perishables, loo rools etc So we can be snowed in without running out. Things like Pasta and Rice that do not go off, just add water and stick on the Aga sort of stuff. Use Village shop mostly and Farm shop, Neighbouring farm makes Cheese.
Brexit reporting ruined their media  reputations
I mean.. people are going crazy over toilet paper and I am over here like.. hello I like to eat.
At the risk of attracting coach loads of panic buying Remainer nutters from London I have to say that the Shops & supermarkets here in Somerset show no signs of people panic buying.  Maybe the BBC should take their cameras out of the Urban dumpistans to report on life in Britain
It did, but it was a very concious decision to do so, and all or nothing throw of the dice, and they lost.
I bet you tend towards traditional thinking down there, using oodles of Common sense in your thinking. If it does not stand up to Common sense, and argument is lost IMHO. Too many now simply conditioned to react as if brainwashed rather than reason through.  Empty shelf=Buy more!
Nail on the head.
I'd hate to be a toot paste salesman in Cardiff...
I'm panicking that no one seems to be panic buying anything where I live. STEP IT UP GUYS NOT ENOUGH PANIC THIS IS HOW THE VITUS WINS
Good job there's not a war on !! .....# bit of hardship wo not do anyone any harm maybe bring communities together again
Did you see the lager?
What's with the run on bog rolls (pun intended ) Sorry, but if you have running water at home, bog rolls are not really essential to surviving an outbreak of mild flu !
Obviously this virus gives you the screaming ab dabs.
Lots seem to be suffering from #stupidacuntius
They must all have the shits
They aren’t even stocking up with booze.
By the end of next week , the shelves will be full and the shops will be quieter for us sensible folk
All it needs is for one of them to cough
I’ve been to the supermarket yesterday, no empty shelve
These people need to be removed from this planet!
It's herd behaviour.... Plain & simple.... and of course not thinking
Beyond belief ... what will happen if this ever peaks ... in mid summer ?
Mine would definitely be booze,can use the news paper for bum wiping as that's all they are good for.
We have now entered the crazy zone.
FFS just stop it
@superdrug why don’t you limit the amount of handgell ppl can purchase at one time? Ppl who regularly need to use gell are unable to get any because of this selfish behaviour
It's weird! I've just been to ASDA, just for our usual weekly shop and yes, I didnt believe it til I saw it - no toilet rolls, people panicking...........
You can use the guardian news paper Remainers
It's ridiculous!
It's a respiratory virus, allegedly.What's with the panic buying of bog rolls ?I've not heard anything to lead me to believe there will be a National 'sh*tting' contest...What's wrong with people ?
I went to the supermarket and bought 20 packs of Toilet Roll (80 rolls in total)..  My ass is so clean now...  Hopefully this means I'm now protected from the virus...
Even Waitrose Romsey not safe.!!!
Bizarre
Supermarket to blame. Just restrict the amount.
I wanted to RT that!
Mass hysteria, they're buying because they're afraid of not getting any, nothing to do with a virus, its F.O.M.O
My husband said he'd rather stock pile the Stella.
Those bog rolls are made in the UK, what's the panic over..
They’re probably adding it to the mouldy rice they panic-bought in 2000.  Zzzzx.
Used toilet paper for sale. One careful owner. Spicy food and Guinness free. No time-wasters.
Some people are so bloody gullible.  If they heard a rumour about a shortage of paving slabs they’d start panic buying, whether they needed paving slabs or not.
I've been stocking up for about a month now in order to avoid panic buying like this. It does not empty shelves when done over weeks. It was obvious that this virus would become a global pandemic and this was always going to happen.
Why bog roll...ffs? Are they expecting to be sat permanently on the pot or what?
Why toilet paper ?????
They must have read the tweet that masturbation helps your immune system.
Idiots
Exactly
wtf do they want do with toilet paper if they get it lol shit it out,,,,,,,,
The necessity for spending hours on the toilet does not appear to be included in the what should I do if I get it suggestions!
I find this madness extremely funny
Its ridiculous
Exactly. I'll just sit back and let the muppets do their thing.
Pathetic.
How much shitting are they expecting to do? I’m covered, I’ve been to Spain...
Labour voters probably
Why?  I honestly don’t get it? It’s not D&V...  Just being sheep? “They all are... so we better?”
If people buy that much toilet roll for 2 weeks then it's highly likely they could be dead by the end of it. Fluid loss must be catastrophic. Get panic buying bottled water  just in case we run out of tap water. Thought only Elvis died on the Thomas Crapper.
Is there a bout of diarroeah going on maybe?
And they don’t realise that a major source of many infections is caused by supermarket trolley handles. No gloves apparently. Stupid people.
Totally crazy
Did not this the virus causes the shits tbh.... But then press hype and fear causes irrational behaviour
I’d love to say I’m one of these people for the survival sake of my family, but I just can’t deign to scrap with people over TP
Right? If you had to go through checkout lines + unload it to your car before coming in again, that’d stop it
I'm not, worried if we run out I'll just call the newsagents over the road and get the Guardian delivered .
What a set of spazmo's!
Do they think it’s a diarrhoea virus !
Weird Barmpots
But loads of Stella though
How long do they plan on being quarantined for
Hadn’t honestly thought of that one
Totally selfish.Looking after number 1
But why toilet rolls? This virus wo not give you the runs
I'll disagree with you both. Those do not look like local shop or cafe owners. That's people with large cars and large houses stocking up on non-perishable goods (that they'd buy in the next year anyway).My wife already did that stocking up…
These people need to get a grip!
What a joke...
Silly buggers!
All bloody remainers too, I’d wager.
I didn’t here anything about it giving you the shits. lol
Why do they need shitpaper? It’s not that kind of disease.
Went to co op this afternoon, no toilet rolls and no paracetamol and no ibuprofen. I joked with the till woman, she told me they’d been arguing in the isles over it all. It’s truly pathetic.
Thought it was a London thing only....no panic buying here, maybe its a posher area
Why toilet rolls ?
I do not know either!!
its not the Norro virus
Apparently it world wide
Pasta seems to be the favourite in Sainsbury's in Tonbridge.
You are witnessing 'Sheeple' in action. My distress is they can also vote!
What's wrong with these loonys. Is this the left FBPE making sure we run out of toilet rolls so they've at least got 1 thing right since brexit. I hardly think that having the shits is worse than corona virus.
If you have small children, it is easy to go into panic mode.  Tolerance and patience for these people, please.
They are buying them probably to sell on eBay for a profit. That’s the low life these people are
Who is more to blame, the people buying or the greedy shop owners who only see £ in front of their eyes. It’s hard to know who is more despicable.
The shop owners are there to make money, so you cant blame them for seeing profit opportunities when they see them?If someone offered you more money to work for them, would you say no because of you loyalty to your current boss?Not many would, so it's the same thing really?
They don’t seem to understand that you’ve got to put something in to get something out. If you see what I mean
I want to give them all a dodgy curry
All this panic when you can just use a copy of the guardian
I hope they all fill with shit and explode
It’s always like that at Costco!
When you watch zombie apocalypse movies that show supermarkets with depleted stocks they never show toilet roll panic buying
Toilet paper and not washable linens? So even if its black plague v2.0 you have to go back out? wth
Funny how pallet full cartons of desperados are on display as well
Crazy
How pathetic
..but then there's more risk the sensible majority might catch it too
Somebody tell the people of Bridgend. No surface cleaning spray or toilet roll left. People need to get a grip
Why do that? Any tabloid newspaper would serve the same purpose!
Does it give you the shits as well then ?
Clean around the bend!
Panic drinking as we speak!
Add “selfishly” to that list- panic muppets
Better deal than Asda.
Cheap painkillers - of course they don’t want to fork out for the expensive ones but still feel the need to stockpile it
And in Streatham. Not sure why. Plenty of rice in the speciality aisle...
Weird thing in Streatham is that the recycled kitchen roll has not sold out. (Toilet roll has though - I guess that was a last resort for some.) Also most washing up liquid gone, and washing powder, except the Ecover environmentally friendly brand. Odd.
Oh bracing
Skeggy...great place. Went on holiday there as a child.
‘Ere we go with the nationalistic claptrap. We’re all just people, some sing beautifully from their balconies in Italy, some tell crappy jokes. We’re all in this together and Europe is the epicentre.
By accident.
Thank you for your uplifting message @zatzi
SkegVagas  - our local coastlinefrom the East Midlands. Always a New Years Day brush away the cobwebs walk along the beach. Folk from Nottinghamshire always go
Any bog rolls left?
Not just a British trait
Truly. Humour is the answer to getting it all done!!The upper classes.
You jus nedta beleeeeve!
Love Skeggy! Spent Christmas there and went a lot as a child.
Really ?
Izal only!  Interested?
thanks (from USA) If you read the DM it presents a rather "Lord of the Flies" image which is not my impression of the UK ( and I am married to a Brit)
A few negative replies to this. Obviously, humour, compassion and friendship are not the only things we need. But without them, we will certainly plunge into depths of despair far harder to recover from than the epidemic itself. Keeping up the spirits of one another is crucial.
There are also millions of non Brits in this country who are contributing their part to get through this virus crisis.
Access to the #EMA and #EU pandemic and epidemiology expertise would have been a lot more helpful than gallows humour at the checkout.
Brilliant, I’m sure when the NHS are running out of ventilator beds and people are dying on trolleys in corridors they’ll be desperate for some camaraderie and humour.
Good old fashioned seaside resort and bracing! Love the pier, clean beach, the fish and chips and, like you, the cheerful, friendly shopkeepers.
My sense of humour will not keep me alive, a hospital bed a ventilator might. Still I will carry on going to work in a hospital in my 65th year. #GetCoronavirusDone
I was hoping some leadership and action based on reliable science might contribute something, but you know. You're rich and young so, whatever.
Well done Hun, trust the weather was lovely.. ?
Humour is definitely the way forward.Our cleaning lady just emailed to say she’ll be working from home for the next few weeks. She sent through instructions.
First Butlins!
Gallows humour everywhere.... even between my wife and I ... hers are not usually funny thoHmmm
Skeggy is always empty at this time of the year. A kind of acceptance of annual population affects. Only 3 cases across whole county.
Shame the BBC News and reporters do not have the same outlook
Haven’t seen one of your tweets for ages! Yes...totally agree!
Good old Skeggy.
Classy cleaning lady you have there. One to treasure
keeping up morale helps much more than a general misery fest
Did they have loo roll?
"Camaraderie and humour in every shop, till and car park.......Even in the seagulls n concrete itself".
Nonsense. Proper planning, testing, equipment and the return of most of the EU staff that left because of Brexit, could have seen us in a better position.
Hopefully you enjoyed the "bracing" town where I was born !
A blackboard and chalk ! *faints*
Did Jacob enjoy the trip?
How bracing was it?
Have you tried getting toilet roll?
Laughable
Do you have a caravan there?
You ca not seriously expect them to abandon their 6 trolleys can you?
Yeah, the empty supermarket shelves really epitomise the selfless camaraderie.
That’s the real British spirit - bring it on!
It will help WE ALL. Need to pull together on this one... and you never know ... People might start liking it and continue I'm trying more
Of course we will
Only this morning my gamekeeper made a joke and we all laughed - beautiful Britain.Obviously I thrashed him within an inch of his life behind the gazebo for impertinence- but i was still laughing Wonderful England
Went there after the war as a kids from the city holiday, we used to dig bullets out of the sand dunes every morning to pay towards the holiday.
Camaraderie and humour were in short supply as we were fighting over the last loo roll in Savers yesterday.
Well done lass, you did the trip and survived... Skegness is so Bracing
Friendship and community
But what was the demographic ??
Love @Butlins
Yes, what we seemingly lack in faith we make up for in humour, and at the end of the day, when the cows come home to roost, are they not the same three things?
Butlins?
I bet they would rather gave humour, then your shrill doom laden rants.
You forgot to mention the Blitz
.... as opposed to planning and investing in healthcare.
Lovely gesture by your sister but maybe your decision to tweet the photograph was not such a great idea??
It was an act of love from my sister. I’m not embarrassed by that
All flights to Uganda are now fully booked
Chuck one in for me?
Just sending good wishes - because it seems a decent thing to do.
That's not how SM works. Millions will read and castigate your previous tweet, this one will disappear from sight.
My best mate lives in Uganda and he told me the exact opposite of what you’ve just written. They are going into lock down, borders are shutting. No tourism, no money, no jobs. Be careful what rumours you hear and also spread.
Soon they will need a few though. About 153hours ago, the suspected cases of #COVID19Ghana were negative. Fast forward, some of the test cases are positive with others undergoing screening. Our government have taken a bold step, Uganda is immune?
Immune  no  but strict steps in place. Anyone arriving from UK for example must self isolate for 14 days and they send officials to check you’re at home. Hot weather also helps
I’ve just been in Uganda, now making my way back to the UK from Malawi. The world is closing, borders are shutting daily. CoronaVirus has reached Africa &, sadly, poor health conditns are a real concern in many African countries. Believe me, your Sisters life is about to change.
Hey Sonja, any chance she wants a house mate for a couple of months?
Nothing like a disaster to bring us Brits together.
I always buy little bottles of hand sanitizer. I always buy 10! My OCD and saving me going back!!
As it stands you can still fly to Uganda. Must self isolate for 14 days on arrival.That is advice from Health ministry in UG
Humour??, that’s unless the permanently offended get involved, let’s try this...Don’t worry, the coronavirus won’t last long.Because it’s made in China.
Not Uganda as it stands
She’s got my mum..think that’s enough!
Not as it stands.
Inevitably!
Post anything on Twitter and some idiot will be negative about it!!!
Yes indeed, I am also proud to be British
Good for you, you do not need to justify yourself to the total morons that feel the need to comment on everything. Of course, your sis cares about you. The mark of a great sibling. I should know as I have a great brother who I'm pretty sure would do the same for me as I would him.
Cant find in any store here too..#africamustbelaughingatthdworldrightnow
unfortunately that british spirit isnt evident in east london where panic buying is rife and a every man for themselves mentality as developed, the make up of the nation as changed,this isnt 1940 its 2020 and the war time spirit died a long time ago in many areas of the uk.
The only way to stop panic buying is to instil some public confidence at the government’s ability to contain the virus. Posters are not part of any official measures
Accurate at the time!
could you maybe announce this stuff properly like an actual government, instead of briefing it out through 'sources' like this? be a big brave boy
Yeah. You’ll starve to death but at least you want die if COVID
Absolutely. Drip, drip, rumour, rumour, we won’t do it, we will - confusing and destructive. And means the public don’t know what to take seriously or when to trust the government’s instructions - which is dire.
It will be interesting to see how busy North and West bound trains are by Thursday.
What does "which so far has impacted more people than the actual virus" mean? You mean, everyone has been dragged into panic buying?
Weeks behind the rest of Europe. Shops shouldn’t let people in without facemasks. Most of the UK population will be searching their homes for material to make masks from and trying to remember how to sew by this time next week, just like we are in the EU. Thank Johnson for that.
It is completely disgraceful. As a candidate for the (now postponed) Assembly elections I expect a hell of a lot more than this shit for all Londoners.
We need a national government for a national emergency. Starmer to be Chancellor and Deputy Prime Minister. What do you think of that? We need a Ministry of Food, a Ministry of the Regions and a National Government.
What, so you do not see empty shelves in a supermarket and go back early the next day and buy extra so you're not in the same position every day?Heck, it's not even really panic buying - it's just buying, but everyone is doing it at the same time.
Classic Dom.
I'd settle for a working Conservative one
Selfridge's sent e-mail to customers that they were closing tonight (with their other three stores). TfL have said they are cutting down their services. It's not rumour.
Will also lead to flight from London, which if we are worst hit area seems a good way to spread it around. Surely not what he meant by "levelling up"?
40 tube stations to shut.
Basically any leaked rumour I just consider to be a lie these days
Bloody right. This cowardly approach to leadership, spooky, manipulative, passive aggressive, subtweety - is more suited to a secondary school playground than a government in a pandemic.
I know of two cases of people planning to leave London to stay with family based on this. If you wanted to spread infection out of London I cannot imagine a better way than these briefings.
These habits are deeply ingrained in these politicians. They have become reflex actions: brief, leak, brief, leak. They don’t know how to do anything else.
only so far to that last statement as the virus is growing.
It's wholly irresponsible. We've wasted 2 whole weeks.
What was the point of committing to daily press conference updates if they’re not the point for major announcements like a potential shutdown of the capital city, which continue to be dribbled out on an unattributable basis?
Maybe journalists shouldn’t propagate rumours then  just a thought.
You didn’t. You hadn’t been born.
Does it explain who slashed the benefit system and underfunded the NHS, leaving the country so exposed and  vulnerable?
*blitz klaxon*
do not bother m8, spare your workers the risk of infection, we get plenty of info from tv radio internet.
What has the Blitz got to do with it
Where were you standing when your government ripped the heart out of the NHS George?
Do not put your propaganda through my letterbox thanks
RT not enough for your paymasters?
I'll wipe my arse with it. It's all it's good for. Thanks.
Found a proper job then George although I think being a paperboy may be a bit challenging for you.
Were you around during the Blitz?
Do you not think they are suffering enough?
Do not put your right wing rag through my door. And isolate & pay your workers
Stop it with the Blitz comparisons pls
Are you blitzed now?
Eh? I do not want your newspaper mouthpiece.
Is the price of charlie holding steady Gid?
I assume the free distribution of the papers real purpose is to increase circulation and hence increase advertising revenues. Good job!
Very generous of you to deliver an alternative to toilet rolls to the households of London. Blitz? The only blitz I know of is how you single handedly blitzed the NHS of funding as chancellor. #fool
Can’t advertise to anyone... If nobody’s picking up the paper on public transport!
And switch your fleet to delivering food and needed supplies for the most vulnerable in our community, that would be a much better action.As you can see from the response to your tweet it’s incredibly tone deaf and not wanted
Do NOT do that dimwit. STOP HIM  #FlattenTheCurve
Delivered by your local austerity butcher. No thanks, unless I get dangerously low on toilet paper. And stop comparing this to the Blitz ffs.
Glad we dont have that rag in brum even when i am in london i dont read that crap stick it where the sun dont shine
Where do you shop? Literally just had exact opposite experience in the 10th.
Thanks, but I do not want one, Shall I DM you my address so that you kno wnot to deliver it?  If one arrives I shall send it back to you
Where’s that Kim?
Spreading the virus - how long can it live on paper ?
My cousin, living in the City of London, which lacks for grocery shopping at the best of times, was reduced to a few handfuls of pasta last week.  Is it panic buying? Or just a fundamental shift in habits to 100% eating at home?
Remember - it suits the government to accuse individuals of panic buying rather than take responsibility for the disastrous food supply situation in the U.K.
Not Paris. Outside. Have done a tour of various sized supermarkets in nearest city, towns and small shops in villages around us - keeping the social distancing rules of course - and it's the same story. It was not like this in Paris. Lidl was a battlefield!
need to protect your advertising
South of Paris. But normally shop in the 10th and it's a jungle at the best of times!  It was like locusts had gone through Lidl last week.
It's panic buying.  There may be gaps in food distribution, but friends report families going into shops with each member taking a trolley and filling it up. Another pal whose freezer broke was told Currys had sold out.
Thanks, this should help Londoners that are short of toilet papers!
Poor people who have to travel unnecessarily to carry this out
George you fell of the wagon ffs free toilet paper would be better
Your malignant austerity ideology  left the NHS barely able to cope even before the coronavirus struck.
You'll be in the dock in the aftermath of this, too, be sure of it. None of us will ever forget.
George you are 48 years old, not certain you were doing anything during the Blitz, watching 'Allo 'Allo repeats on TV does not count.
Shopped for elderly neighbours whose list included: ficelle alimentaire (string for food)ferment pour yaourt (yeast/lactose to make yoghurt)Found everything they wanted!
Is it free online?  If so keep it there. Spread that message and not a deadly virus.
Please stop with the Blitz references. It was 80 years ago. Let go and live in the modern world. The population and the threat is not comparable
At least people will finally have something to wipe their arses with.
You were born in 1971. The Blitz is something you learned about in school.
But I prefer the puzzle section in the @MetroUK
And the point of thus is what? Should not you be doing something to actually help people? Then again, I suppose they could use it if they're short on toilet roll.
Given that the financial statements you made of where we would be if we voted Brexit  have now been proved to be utter b*ll*cks, you are clearly incompetent, so why would anyone want to read your paper. We only use it to light our fire.
Shame that your absolutely unnecessary austerity programs weakened the country to the state we’re in now.
Stop the blitz analogies, it leads people to think they can beat this by defiantly carrying on as normal in the face of adversity. They need a different approach.
You commented on the packed out mosques this weekend in Londonistan?
Be honest George, if Rishi Sunak can find £330 billion at the drop of a hat, austerity was a fucking choice.
Not a very positive response to your announcement, is it George?
Have to say it’s the same in sleepy old  @StGermainLaye shops all well stocked with food, no significant queues, polite respectful shoppers and commerçants, friendly people doing what they can to make this madness more bearable
Could you have them cut into conveniently sized squares to hang in the loo?
Can we please stop with the blitz shit it’s getting old. Particularly given that during war time we behaved sensibly no matter how inconvenient unlike now
While the rest of the country is f*cked. Ca not get food or essentials but do not worry..... we have the @EveningStandard
for good sake no. Hundreds of people making unnecessary travels across the capital. Just think.
The evening standard is a right wing propaganda publication. Dont bother printing it, then we wont have to bother chucking it out
Great if they run out of shit roll they know what to use
Thus ending the loo roll drought. Great of you to suddenly become socially responsible.
Drivel.
Perfect bog roll. And free!
You’d need to disinfect it first
You did not stand with anyone in the Blitz - you were not even born
Please check some basic microbiology first.
ASDA the same this morning, no problems at all. NOW is the time to STAY AT HOME wherever possible. We have a huge responsibility to take care of those at risk. You might be fine, but are your friends, family and neighbours? Think beyond yourself.
Free toilet paper?
Same here in deepest Corrèze. (Although flour was a bit difficult to find.)
How do you know that this wo not help spread Covid-19 even more widely?
I just ran out of bog roll thanks georgie
Had a similar thing near Lille Sunday morning. Monoprix did put up makeshift little screens between customer&cashier. They wiped the conveyer belt regularly. Saw processed bread aisle was very low.!
Opportunistic toe rag.
Whats worse than having COVID19 delivered to your door? The @EveningStandard! But both at same time - @George_Osborne is complicit in mass murder!
Any regrets George?
This is irresponsible. No one needs the ES. Use delivery vehicles to really help
We stood with London in the blitz, then we destroyed the Health Service just in time for a global pandemic. Oops.
Helping the bog roll shortage. Good.
Can you please make it from paper we can wipe our arses with, at least then it will be of some benefit
Nah keep it
Are not they suffering enough?
Favor for Boris? Must be tough times.
Please do not.  I do not want your newspaper.  Please do not dirty my doormat with it.
Actually very handy with the toilet roll shortage.
Such a shame you didn’t invest more in the NHS and frontline services when you had the power to make a huge difference.
Even less welcome than that free U2 album Apple gave us a few years ago. Though will come in handy when the toilet roll runs our
Great, now there are two awful viruses being spread around London.
Are you delivering it yourself? If not why are you forcing people on to the streets?
Do not bother to print anything on the paper please.It's a right faff getting the ink out of yer crack.
There is no longer a toilet roll shortage.
are these "hundreds of thousands" of journeys to people's homes in London strictly necessary?   Surely there is an increased risk of spreading the virus?As always George you have not thought this through
just letting you know that if your rag appears through my letterbox, once this is all over, I will be suing you for endangering my life unnecessarily.
Ripped the heart out by spending more money on the NHS than any government ever and never once cutting funding? Haha yeah OK then Mr Logic!
As local evening papers go, personally prefer the Newcastle Evening Chronicle mate
Hard copy is a tad old school isn’t it?
‘We stood with London in the blitz’.....really? How so?
Ca not the virus live on paper about 24 hours?
The blitz
Please do not
Who will be delivering them? Is this essential? A transmission risk? And who did you stand next to during the blitz?
Could do with some toilet paper if they are REALLY desperate.
Needlessly shoving objects through letterboxes during a pandemic? Peak Tory.
Are they being delivered by people on zero hours contracts? Can they take sick pay? Are they wearing gloves?
free toilet paper at last- thanks
I hope you're firmly telling everyone to stay at home.
Blitz noncery again..
No thanks. Though I am run out of cat litter....
Yeah, shove germs through people's doors whydoncha!
Try standing with #waspi
Awesome - does COVID-19 survive on paper?
Stop going on about the Blitz. You ca not catch the Blitz
How many hands would have handled that paper before it's placed in a supermarket or shoved through someones letterbox?
That’s the toilet paper problem sorted
This is not a Blitz! This is the effect of austerity, your fault! The #nhs is on its knees and its your fault
Is that to wipe my arse on.
Are not people suffering enough?
Oh, stop it.
As if things are not bad enough already.
please make them out of material that wont block toilets up easy
you should have stood with Corbyn too and then we would at least have an NHS fit for purpose
Fold it until it has the consistency of a Millwall Brick, then stuff it up your fundament.YOU gave us this, with your politically-driven austerity. Own your place in our deaths.
Does the virus not live on paper George? Are the people delivering this tested George. (Real name Gideon, he wanted to hide his real name)
Austerity, which you helped bring about as chancellor,  will be why we have more preventable deaths, but do not worry you're delivering your propaganda message for free. Well we are running out of loo roll.
Call me daft, but could that not just be passing the disease straight into their hands?? Eh??
Your barbaric austerity when chancellor, butchering the public sector including the #NHS has contributed to the danger we now face. I don’t want a fee copy of your grubby paper or anything else you are involved with.
How much is it to not have it delivered?
Stood with London during the blitz?? Supplied London with the shits more like... Still, I guess it’s more toilet roll!! Thanks @George_Osborne  #brexshit #covidiots #covid19
Can you wait until I've run out of toilet paper?
Thanks George! Good to know I'll have something to wipe my arse on when this loo roll runs out
keep your junk out of my house
Jesus, we just ca not get a break at the moment!
Great marketing
Oh bog off. Another cringeworthy reference to the war. Tories now doing a very good impersonation of the UKIP party B team.Still, roll on Brexit,  unification of Ireland and the Independence of Scotland and we'll all be laughing.
Bog roll - tick
Please dont
And stop banging on about the flaming blitz!!!!!
Where is my copy? Running out of loo roll.
Few better ways to transmit the virus. And lots of other unwanted shit too.
If you made it soft and absorbent it might actually be of some use.
So how did all that roof mending work out, George ... ?
Do not put that shit through my letterbox.
We do need loo roll I suppose.
The message is simple:
None of your right-wing propaganda for me thanks.
Better never put that rubbish through my door
Tory propagandist anyone!!!!
Does it come with ‘free coke’? London is thirsty!
It's about keeping your advertisers happy.
Shame you didn’t stand with the UK before now instead of stripping the NHS of its resources and leaving it grossly underfunded in the state its in today. It’s not your city banker makes that we need to save lives .. is the frontline workers in the NHS
Don’t bother, you fool! This is irresponsible on so many levels!
Don’t deliver that rag to me you
Is this to fix the toliet roll shortage?
Do not you think our NHS and key workers need PPE masks, gloves & gowns rather than the paper? We can see the news news on TV and internet. Blitz analogy is abit too pompous. Europe & the whole world are effected not just UK.
You weren’t born in the blitz stop being silly
I avoid your paper like the plague at the best of times. Do not need you littering up the house at the worst.
Can i have it as a  roll please? 'Cause i am running out of toilet roll.
Please dont put that shit through my door.
Surely more poison is not the answer?
Good. There is a lack of toilet paper in London now. This will help. Ta.
Will make a great substitute for toilet paper
Too little, too late Gideon...#JogOn#2MetresAway
#ToiletRollShortage#coronavirus
Spreading a different kind of virus
Better you delivered toilet paper. What a waste of paper.
I'll sue you if that Tory rag comes through my letterbox.
can we cut the shit....that was 70years ago.....we have the internet
Pity your government & subsequent Conservative governments starved the NHS of funds, meaning there aren’t enough ICU beds or respirators or protective equipment. Your party has made both the general public & NHS staff more vulnerable than they needed to be.
Ugh no thanks waste of trees..don’t read it when it’s easy to get hold of it’s a rubbish paper actually they’re all rubbish
Maybe do not waste the trees?
To use as toilet paper? Why would I want to hear what you have to say? It’s all editorial, no news, paid for by your sponsors.
Excellent I can stop stealing The Sun to wipe my arse with now
This is not the blitz this is an unseen enemy thats wiping us out quicker than you can say " get yer evening standaaaaard" " get yer standard"  get z grip will you and attend to the essential stuff
should not these people be indoors instead of being exposed on every doorstep they set foot on?
The bloody war, why are you lot so bloody obsessed with ww2
Brilliant.... I can line the litter tray with it #BoyGeorge #CokeFiend
The supermarkets are busy enough with this madness. The staff need protection. This is nothing to do with The Blitz!
Ole George must av add some gear, he's reliving the Blitz  as e still got half a dozen jobs ? Poor sod
Free shit roll
Paper a big germ carrier.
You do not stand by the poor and vulnerable.
Wow is that s*** newspaper still going? I thought you run that into the ground George
Doing your bit to spread the virus through London, George. Very sensible.
fun to mention the Blitz in an ad for a paper part owned by the daily mail, which supported Hitler and Mussolini in the '30s
You are still there!
Thanks for closing 6000 ITU beds whilst you were Chancellor Will Black Rock give any profits made from shorting sterling and UK companies to charity. You really are a #COVIDIOTS
Great!  It’s pretty much the same as bog roll
U should apologise to the nation Mr Osborne for running the NHS into the ground
Loo roll shortage?
I can clean  my ass with that
Make sure you disinfect your copy before reading
How does @PHE_uk allow this? Can the @DHSCgovuk guarantee that a copy will not transit COVID ?
Oh ffs.
That’s one bog roll I’ll save on all the @standardnews and Gideon are good for wiping my arse.....
Serious question. What if the person pushing them through people’s letter boxes has covid 19?
Big up yourself
That shites the last thing I want coming through me letterbox.
Wat.
It’s you and your mate Cameron’s fault for the austerity programme you introduced, causeing  shortages we now have in the NHS
Good, there is a shortage of loo roll.
Good if your short of toilet paper
Always ready to exploit a situation George?
Not sure who this we is Georgie boy. You weren’t there in the Blitz and I doubt if anyone on your paper was. It’s a Pandemic - you can’t declare war on it - only manage it. Cut the crap, apologise for cutting the NHS to ribbons and JFRO!! Thanks
Not that London ca not live without it? LOL
You're part of the problem not the solution
Not another "Blitz# comparison  #COVIDIOTS
...pity you did not stand with the health service and the poor when you were chancellor mate.....
Is it perforated?
What's with the 'We'?You did nothing in the Blitz. You were not even born.
Unsolicited mail..feck off George.
You gonna bleach them first or
Have not Londoners suffered enough?
Another viral load we do not want
Are you mad?
Why are UK airport open for flights from Italy Iran and China?
I call a truce on trolling you; this is a lovely gesture.  Can I still call you Gideon?
You might want to remind people not to flush Newspaper down the toilet.
I experienced something very similar at my local store yesterday. Bliss.
Yes just had the same experience in Wales, but still no pasta
This is how they've been doing it in Italy. It works!
What part of New York was this?
I went today too. No queues. Plenty of everything even some loo roll. It’s payday soon though...
Let me guess. Waitrose
Yes huge improvement since the lock down across the country
We got a squirt of hand sanitizer as we entered here in Bulgaria . All very civilized
Our local shops have had plenty of stock & people have been respectful & politeGot my weekly shop @AldiUK & went to my usual local shopping parade Wore gloves for trolley, hand gel btwn shopsWe’re not posh, we ain’t perfect but I’m proud of #Sunderland atm
@StigAbell do you live in London though, I believe East/North East London has the thickest people living there
Just tried 3 different supermarkets.Not a bog roll or kitchen roll in sight. Nor any kind of disinfectant.And the Germans are supposed to organised, calm and collected.
Thank you for highlighting some positives
Waitrose?
Similar experiences in two in Cornwall this am.
Our Waitrose are singularly failing to stock the shelves. No panic buying, polite queueing, one in /one out policy, but still no pasta!
And we don’t even have to rely on the supermarkets to get our groceries at reasonable prices
We live in an area usually heaving with visitors about now. It is beautifully quiet, so measures are working. Left the house for the first time in a week for essentials. Used local shop and managed to get 99% of items needed. We can indeed do this.
my husband said the exact same thing when he came back from @waitrose today. he even found loo paper.
Yes same at Aldi..Lovely! #wecandothis
Yes. The system works well, for the most part (we've had it here in Germany a little while). Two obvious advantages:1. no mad scramble 2. plenty of space for restocking
I’ve just seen a patient who has to work because she makes cushions - a vital essential because people ordered them according to her boss - now I think this won’t work if this is the mindset out there -
Sounds much better
Best news I've heard all day
Trial run for Brexit. Guess many people will still have plenty of loo rolls left by then.
Which supermarket?
Same here in Suffolk thank goodness!
Yes. Our local Aldi was allowing 1 in 1 out. Very short queue. Everyone was cheerful and the shelves were well stocked. They are closing at 8pm and not opening on Sunday. Seems reasonable to me.
It was very similar on Saturday when I went up to my local one.  Some grumbling but we persevered.  Inside the shelves were well-stocked except for some obvious gaps though - few eggs, biscuits depleted and no pasta.
True, if you can get a wife anyone can.
We’ve been doing this about a week in Ireland now, it’s not a problem, if anything it makes shopping a little nicer!
Lots of stock in M&S Kew and friendly staff plus orderly queue outside Boots
@susannareid100 wipe all goods
I’m guessing your not in the red wall Brexit heartlands though?
Sadly not the case everywhere.
Exactly what my experience was this morning. Long may it continue.
At last hopefully being back to polite normal.  There is certainly enough food around.   Abd perhaps people eating all they stockpiled.   I shall be at my normal Marks and Sparks chiswick as normal Saturday.  Happy days. Wishing your family well stig  xx
same experience with @marksandspencer and  @homebargains today - really good to see. Would be good if @Tesco got on board - not possible to stay 2m apart with that many people in there.
My son shopped for us. Same from him. People were polite and sticking to the rules.
Sainsburys doing the same, but no pasta, no eggs, no rice, and empty shelves all around. There is food, just maybe not what most want
No cockroaches
It takes a few days for people self organise. Great.
This should have been done from the end of Feb, at the latest.
I done the same at asda this morning  plenty  food on shelves
Its such a refreshing change. I even manged to get pasta (one 500g pack) and toilet roll (one nine pack) #StopHoarding
Sounds like they calmly collected all Der/Die/Das/Den Toilettenpapier !
Obviously your good lady does not shop at my local Sainsbury's, and we wo not be shopping there much longer either. Stay safe, all of you!
I've just been to sainsburys. ..same very quiet still no loo roll or bread and few other items I felt guilty being out but I was shopping for a elderly housebound lady..
Currently in a similar queue in the sunshine
I live in colchester. Little shop next door i seen quite a bit of stock including bread, eggs, pasta alas no bog rolls lol
Sadly people ca not do this around here. Even now the hoarders are still out taking everything. Queue for 2 hours outside the shop and you ca not get anything with it being emptied out.
This happened at my Morrison’s this morning, it was great. Everyone was polite, respectful and the staff were super helpful and organised. We can all do this.
Is it like supermarket sweep.  Fill up as fast as you can
It’s much calmer and easier now.
Same queuing experience Sainsubury's Ilford.Unfortunately not so good inside, with the exception of the queue for the self service checkouts.Also many bare shelves.Fish pie tonight as hoarders/panic buyers seem not to know what to do with fresh fish so it's in good supply.
Which chain of supermarket?
Sainsbury’s is the same, much improved.
Same at my #waitrose today.  One of the best shopping experiences I've ever had.  Safe distances maintained and everyone super polite.  Brilliant
My local Boots are doing the same, very well organised.
That’s good news!  I was really interested in your piece earlier re Sam Pepys. Of course in those days, travel was very limited. Is it history repeating itself? - From that quote, it sure feels like it.
Italians have been doing it throughout with dignity in a much worse situation than ours
Yes, that's what the guy manning the door said to his wife: "Wait, Rose." She obviously shops there very regularly if the staff know her by name.
With a bit of organisation, kindness and calm, yes I think it can be done xx
Outdoor veg market yesterday in Amersham. Queue marked with paint on the pavement with 2m markers. Very orderly.
So nice to see this, rather than the doom and gloom constantly spread by the likes of Piers Morgan
In one of those queues now...
Ireland has been doing that pretty much for over a week. M & S is a horn of plenty.
I went this morning stig, queued along with the rest till 2 drug users appeared and began to mock us! “Wtf you lot doing? Hahaha!!!!” I hope my dad gets a ventilator before they do
Just how it should have been from the start but lessons learned.
Nope.  Not around here. No restrictions on number of people/ no 1 out, 1 in rule.  What supermarket is enforcing this??
Absolutely can!
I’ve lived in my street for 14 years. In the last two days I have smiled, waved and had chats with neighbours I didn’t even know before. The suns out and excited happy kids are playing in their gardens. It’s glorious. #wecandothis
Was the same at Tesco in Hindley nr. WIGAN.....Very well organised by staff.....Let's please keep it like this, even when things start to get tougher.......
Great news
Nobody was stopping the supermarkets rationing products and doing controlled entry before last week tbf - they’ve needed to behave themselves as much as the shoppers
One might speculate that the numpties have, for the most part both run out of space and died of chronic constipation having consumed nothing but high density foods for two ( very) solid weeks. With a bit of luck Darwinism has finished them off.
Apparently freezers are full again... humans need controlling then, we’re ok
Not sure where your wife is shopping Stig, but that is definitely not the case over here in Northern Ireland..
Yeah my son went to Asda in Ashington this morning and it was the same
Imagine a world that allows people into supermarkets any time of day because if everyone abides by the government rules it will happen stay safe & stay at home #covid19UK
Same for me yesterday. Admittedly, North Oxford
Just had the same experience (on a spectacularly lovely day) so stop the panic shopping people. No sanitizer gel though - can somebody start manufacturing it? Maybe the hoarders are drinking it?
Were store staff in protective gear? Were arrangements in place for them to keep at a safe distance and from each other, to avoid exposure to surfaces contacted by others?!
This is the way it should be done. If more supermarkets do this it's easy to stop & monitor the panic buying. Everyone gets what they need. If they all got together & did this, they'd get online deliveries out quicker too.
Waitrose or M&S Stig? Would bet on one of the two.
Much better in Salford today. No queues in my Asda and people behaving respectfully. I wore a mask today though and it helps with the social distancing - people dive into the next aisle as you approach. Lots of food on the shelves too.
Thank the Lord for a little sanity
Where do you live?
This in Folkestone this morning too
I had a similar experience this morning. We were limited to three of any foodstuff (e.g. three meat, three bread). In the main people were respectful although 2m is tough in 1.5 m aisles
Finally
Same at my local @Morrisons. Brilliant organisation, full signage up. Single queue pathway outside the main door. Just wide enough for a single trolley. Upturned trolleys either side the pathway as barrier. Minimum numbers in and out. Full cashier screen barriers inside.
5 trips to  @sainsburys this week (not good for self isolation) no tins soups no toilet roll many shelves with nothing on. Member of staff reminding everyone to stay 2 metres apart but in self service checkout butting up to each other.
Our Asda doing the same from today
Or we can generalise based on your wife`s experience of the Supermarket, while I cant even access an INR test.
I had terrible experience last Friday. Decided I should isolate even within the house, cleaned all produce. Hope this positive message has spread across the country will go again on Friday if all is good with me. Wont go in if not.
and everybody touches the stuff you are buying, and the checkout person touches ever item.......
Still empty in the north
Question is,. Why did u let her to went out to buy things,. Why not you,.
This was my experience at waitrose, rushden on Tuesday. System worked  a treat
Agree. Just been to Waitrose in Haslemere. There were still 3 corn fed poussin left. Not a wilderness yet.
She allowed him to go out shopping once before and he came back with a motorbike, a rotavator and a second lawn mower (they have no garden).
London.
@apx24 @grm33223 - This!
Same at our local Asda, still no beans though!!
Was at my local M&S foodhall earlier and we all did the same, everyone was polite and patient..... We even got free flowers on the way out....so I managed to get a big £10 bunch of beautiful lilies. Thank you #MarksAndSpencer
Same here. @Tescofratton implemented this over a week ago and have been brilliant. A shout out to all the staff who have worked so hard and put up with awful behaviour from some customers.
I’ve had exactly the same at my local @Tesco this morning. Trolley cleaned by staff before you took one, polite queue, safe distances, shelves full. My only complaint is it should’ve happened sooner.
Please tell me where you live
I’m in S W London too and supermarkets still empty. Why can’t these supermarkets get their act together in London unless just too many people still panic buying.
If you go to aldi you get a squirt of handsanitier
My local Tesco store...woman in front of me could buy 5 pizzas, but I could only buy 2 tins of beans????
Bet you do not live in the same place as Stanley Johnson.
Along with the NHS staff (goes without needing to be said), the supermarket staff have been heroic in what must have been very trying circumstances for them personally
Do not get why supermarkets do not do click and collect on mass. Order on line. Get 20 min collection window. Pick up outside. Told to wait in car until called. Both me and wife working in CV related jobs (health/ASC) and have not got time to queue up outside a shop. Gave up today.
Same in Edinburgh this morning although out of digestive biscuits!!
Waitrose.
That's good to hear, I have to venture out on Friday to get some supplies and long may it continue
Italy did go through a phase of panic buying initially though. We are two weeks behind them. We would do well to keep an eye on the situation there.
Italy did panic buy initially however. But having realised there were no shortages it stopped reasonably quickly.
Mine did this too. The only problem was the stupid woman and three teenagers out for a walk who decided that, rather than give us all a chance to make room for them to pass at a safe distance, they’d just walk straight at us
Any papaya?
That’s positive, I think tbf we are learning as we go at this very difficult time. Panic does cause irrational behaviour but as we get used to this new but temporary way of life we will learn a lot, about many things
Went to Asda after work today and it was calm and 70/80 % stocked up
Yes I have noticed that the supermarkets are NOT sticking to the limits. The managers need to drill this into the checkout operators as they are just scanning everything and not checking numbers.
I think there should be a dedicated phone line where staff can call if they feel their employer is being unreasonable
I shopped at my #Morrisons in #Eastbourne on Monday morning. I'm an #NHS worker ; the ladies who were vetting peeps at the entrance were very pleasant. I have 2 say though, the staff were not as nice on the inside. One nice guy but the women I encountered were grumpy ; rude
Well, your wife can. She’s consoling more than just you.
Waitrose yesterday - absolutely spot on - everyone queued up politely, took their turn in the shop which had everything, seperate section for NHS staff only - superb!
Where was she shopping? Fortnum and Masons?
I managed to get eggs today, havent seen any in 3 weeks
you have a wife? That’s the most fantastical part of the story
Same here in Switzerland. Four people waiting to get in (with 2m markings), shop almost empty, everything in albeit less choice. Always thank a staff member for team, she said "I think we have too much stock"....
Pity the supermarkets didn’t have people shopping like this before the selfish hoarders ransacked them.
Comonr
Definitely would love to see this being headline news like you said the NHS goes without saying cause I deliver to these shops DAILY and the shop staff are busting their backsides during this
Did you pay by cash?
My Tesco Express was letting in 4 customers at a time and the rest were queuing outside 6ft apart
So cool
My Tesco had barely anything in it, but lots of sticky tape 'boxes' on the floor which only one person was allowed to be in at a time.Fascinated me.No meat, fruit, vegetables, bread, cheese, loo rolls, but Loadsa Sticky Tape...
Waitrose was it...?
I think the majority of the “panic buyers” have left the scene. The polite and restful customers are left. We created a WhatsApp group to help others locate goods. We can def do this more. We need each other more than ever...
Waitrose or Asda?
People get anxious when things are chaotic.
@FaeDoherty until you get boo’d for letting an elderly man in the queue
Thought there was a joke coming
Go Sunderland and best wishes from Wiltshire x
Q pls which supermarket?, and approx area eg London kent etc:as I rang a litany of s/m's today and 0 had social distancing or anything about Q'ing .Pal with car had gone to waitrose +car park all fine though in large plot + S/Distancing etcNot same where I am.Thanks for rsvp
Those visits last week were encouraged by media to raid the supers.
I went to Asda today and was prevented from buying 4 bags of Bistro Salad for our Guinea Pigs, this means I will have to go again in 2 days which defeats the object.  I'm sure people are not hoarding Bistro Salad.
Where the heck do you live?!?
Tragic really
@Christophe_84
Exactly we need click and collect. Saves the misery with unavailable delivery slots.@BorisJohnson @WestminsterWAG
Sounds alright!!
Is it customary to tweet every behaviour now? It’s getting tedious at best...
Of course. I'm just sick of this metric nonsense. It's 6 foot 6 inches.
Things really do seem to be calming down.
Sounds like Waitrose?
@_DHOTYA
What a pleasant surprise I had this morning at Morrisons. Followed the above script. Finally a sense of calm with everyone so respectful of each other
You should see @coopuk Lordship Lane... Chaos
So selfish
Because people who stock pile. I felt like crying and a bit desperate now to see the empty shelves feom baby sessions.
I had similar this morning at my local Morrisons. The only areas of depletion were rose wine, toilet rolls and potato waffles. I've never been so happy to see full shelves of bread.
Same here at @sainsburys today. Excellent work by the store and excellent compliance by the shoppers
My organic store has rows and rows of Rosé. Screw the bread
Not near me! Absolute carnage
Sounds good, just wish it was like that for me lol
Tesco did free flowers last Sunday morning too
Nah! Fuck that!
Do you live in a village of 20? Unlike London...
I’m hoping this continues it would be really nice to feel I could send grown up daughter, who loves driving, with a list. She’s being so good about this stuff, but she really misses her uni friends.
Pointless sending her if it’s badly stocked because imaginative cooking/shopping is not her thing
Waitrose in Hampstead?
Went to m&s this morning in Milton@Keynes .. shop had everything .. very few shoppers in store. TG everyone seems to have calmed down ...
Same here but when I got in for the only item I wanted it was sold out lol
In most parts of the country this works well, but in some parts the staff trying to enforce it are taking their lives in their hands...
@keredrose 10
Bet that’s not south or east London?
Your a murdoch shill. It’s folk like you that backed Johnson and landed us in this mess.#SaveTheNHS#MurdochIsScum
never fails to amaze me what some people 'believe'.  lol.  so do you live in East or North East London?
Polite? Orderly? Makes a mockery of crisis.
Wouldn’t it be nice to see this in the news... I’m getting so tired of journalists who seem to be interested in point scoring rather than responsible & intelligent reporting...
Report same situation at horsforth Morrison’s at 13.30 hrs yesterday. All very civilised.
So why not do it 2 weeks ago ?
A little too late. How many ppl got infected in those horrendous queues. We tried to stay away during that period and chose more civil smaller shops than large supermarkets. This was madness.
Wife had same experience at aldi in barnsley.  Chap on door. They had a 1 out, 1 in policy.One grumpy bloke, everyone one else polite and keeping their distance.  Plenty of stock, other than loo roll.  Maybe the brainless hoarding morons have run out of room to store stuff?
Take it you don’t live in London then.
Apart from the lady in Asda yesterday who kept moaning about being told what to do everybody else I saw just got on with their shopping in a calm organised way.
I imagine that all the feral stockpilers have maxed out their cards and have no money left, leaving decent people to shop respectfully now.
People are people from whatever background as my Elderly mother recently found out in Berkhamsted Waitrose last week..The same is true in Aldi’s from my own experience.
Supermarkets in Lisbon, Portugal have been doing this for 2 weeks. No panic. Good stock levels. Streets very quiet as people stay at home and respect the 2meter gap. It’s not difficult to do.
That’s because all the selfish people are in their homes with their stockpiles.
Where is this utopia you speak of?
I'll be doing similar when i'm eventually forced to go, I'll be wearing the mask and hose (stuffed down trousers) from my CPAP (sleep apnea) machine
Not like our Sainsburys all in no control.
What size supermarket was he?
No chance. Thoughts? @_skeneo @ddmo93 @liammurray_13 @willis323 @AnthonyRJoseph @Matthew__Murray
Grow up Stig
and hero’s
2 yards
I wonder if there's a correlation between hoarders and Brexiteers...?
I have had the same.
Hi...Guinea Pigs can eat a range of salads and vegetables. Ours tend to eat what we are eating such a cucumber, carrots, remain lettuce  (not iceberg ) peppers and spinach so you have a number of options in these challenging times.
Why has Johnson changed the way Covid19 deaths data is published? Why was it late and and an outlier yesterday.
Where do you live what part of the country
They're doing that in California .  Right from the start. Why did it take us 3 weeks of panicking buying self emptying selfish gits before anyone got a grip of it lol. Far to slow to react in every instance
Was it the prisoner village?
We can do this
Not if you have severe mental health problems - OCD with extreme anxiety - they can’t do it.
Was this Waitrose or Aldi/Asda?
Stop spreading this positivity !!
Can you send me a copy of “Shoot” please?
It wasn’t like that 10 days ago ... I went last week chaos ..then yesterday and was all good . Hopefully the panic buying is out of the way now and we can all be a bit more civil & sensible ..
My self service counter flashed cuz I had 'restricted items' (paracetamol) and the Colleague who came over to help stood a couple metres from me and instructed, with a suitable wave of the hand, to "step away from the machine, sir"
Panic buyers are all dead from the tower of toilet rolls landing on them.
Sainsbury’s are making sure that people are keeping 2 meters apart at Cash points & in their Queues at Tills
Ive found if you go early youll get stuff ok, leave it to later and theres still empty areas
Hope i can say the same tomorrow in rural Aberdeenshire - weekly shop for 4 households ( 3 sets of over 70's in lockdown ).
Thanks for last nights quiz Div
Aye it felt very strange walking around, really quiet, really empty (they were doing 10 in, 10 out in the store I visited so there was a queue outside to get in but did not take long).As you say, had to be done, and should not need to do it for another 10 days hopefully!
Ouch. I've 4 or 5 massive supermarkets within a 10 minute drive of me. Guess we city folk take that for granted.Hope it's ok for you. Stay safe!
Some here in North London last night. The panic buying hysteria has gone and there is more or less everything in stock. Even got some loo roll yesterday!
Yesterday our local Waitrose had a very orderly, well-mannered queue meandering half-way around the car park. Very well organised. Shopping in a store with fewer than a quarter of the usual customers was both a delight and weird at the same time.
just requires a bit of discipline.Thanks for your message.Jim M
You missed the worst period! When I went to Morrisons last Thursday my jaw hit the ground at how empty it was.
Good to hear mate. Great stuff with the quiz also it’s appreciated. Hope you and the family are good stay safe
All good here bud!Same to you and yours, take it easy!
Not the case in our local @coopuk in Cambridge: people wandering around the largely empty isles and staff not equipped with protective equipment.
Ahh, you're home ;-)
Where was that?
You can - unfortunately A-holes will ensure there are attacks on NHS staff Only a matter of time before looting
Bet you bought a non essential item!
Doctors are saying that they aren’t being allowed to write the virus as the cause of death, they have to put Pneumonia! The only possible reason O can see for this is so we don’t see how badly the Tories have handled this!! There are also not going to be inquests??
Morrisons in Troon got you queueing and only letting so many people in the shop at one time. One out one in + people keeping their distance. Good stuff finally
We can do this, simple rules, a bit of patience & this will work.
na, rude mancs everywhere...must be in Manchester
I organised my outdoor queue yesterday to stand 2m apart and got some vile abuse for doing so
Must be tough for you both being stuck in different countries.
I am happy to hear. Have not been to the shops in a while, I guess I'll need to go before too long. I feel like the Captain in Das Boot, sucking in Limes for vitamins
Yes, under strict supervision - like kids We're pathetic.
I live in a socially deprived area and my experience of Aldi and Lidl has been polite courteous and socially distanced. Please do not make assumptions about the areas that you have no experience of. It is offensive and hurtful. @lucianfloyd
I do not know why westners waste money on toilet rolls. Use water instead. After all it's better for health.
BIG THANK YOU TO M and S YESTERDAY, FREE FLOWERS. Tight fisted bulk buyers of toilet rolls, pasta and all else, could not even buy their mother flowers and keep them in their own homes as a nice thought.  You would normally have bought them anyway. You selfish bunch.
Went to M&S in Bury Greater Manchester at 9am  short queue lovely staff customers observing social distancing. Well done @marksandspencer
People dont like being told what to do, especially if they are not official or assigned.
it is the same here
Asda tremendous compared to Tesco
I don’t know where you shop.
Now supermarkets have reduced the amount of people in at the same time. And only allow 3 of any one product it will stop people from clearing the shelf.  Supermarkets should not let anyone get prioritise because they are the nhs. Police. Fire. We are all in the same boat
Morrisons in Johnstone got it spot on too.
Same in Morrisons this morning.
Do you know where the supermarket is?
If people do not stupid buy  theres plenty for everyone to get whatever they usually do when doing the weekly shopping,   its just idiots panic buying,  not all shops are limiting people or items like loo roll from being brought by a few people
This is great to hear, Anthony :) I will make sure your great comments are passed on. Thank you, Katie.
Depends where you live
I had the same kind of experience in my local M&S ,every one was polite and distancing.
I work  for @ArcusFM we are the facilities management company for sainsbury's and they are doing the same and it's working so well I'm still working every day along side my colleagues and sainsburys colleagues to help keep @sainsburys providing the best service possible! PROUD!!!
I went to my local Co-op today; no control on numbers in and out, little regard for distancing by some  ( not all) customers and no sign of the manager...
I’m a Scot living in Bayern in Germany, and for the main part it’s all running as it should. It was a disgrace to watch the UK News coverage with people acting like animals. It’s good to see it’s not the whole of the UK acting like that.
Imagine if people would do this all the time, everywhere. You would think you are in Japan.
Nice to hear that not all people are greedy I would be proud to live in a place like that
Chauvinist why didn’t you go?
A BIG well done to everyone @marksandspencer #Wolstsnton so supportive, helpful & reassuring to everyone today, thank You
I went to a shop tonight waited at the till and the staff member said next i went to the till and this young lass said do you not feel bad to go in front of me i said excuse me i was next.As i was how rude and how unnecessary was that comment i was next i would not skip a queue
Definitely can. Our local Co-op is doing the same including handing out alcohol wipes for the trolley handle in Rothesay, Scotland, UNITED KINGDOM.
Thanks for the great feedback! Donna :)
That's for the nice tweet about the store will make sure they get the feedback personally
That's because it all went to China
Do you not think you should be at home and only dealing with emergencies. By going into work every day you’re only helping to spread the virus.
Lucky them.cant get stuff I need
Brilliant. So.many not doing  anything Letting people strip shelves adding to chaos. not mine. Thank Goodness !!
I'm sure there was some panic buying, but it will be interesting to hear how the increased spend in supermarkets compares to decrease in restaurants, takeaways and markets (most of which are all but closed).
We've invested £3m on new protective equipment for our store colleagues. We're installing thousands of protective screens along with supplying gloves and hand sanitiser for our frontline colleagues. Find out more: https://coop.uk/343fQ3K ^Scott
But what about wine, beer and pasta? More “essential” items being added to @spurwingagency’s http://willwerunout.com all the time. Coffee next, but I gather they are open to suggestions, maybe an @MSNLifestyle reader survey to dind out what matters most?...
Also lots of people following guidelines. Many people with masks and gloves. 2m distance waiting lines at supermarkets with only about 5 people allowed at any one time. The new normal.
Although I have to say there are more military helicopters going by than normal, although that is likely logistics / the field hospitals.
Then germans are more afraid or we have to shit more than others toilet paper still Short as fuck...
She did not write it, the Govt wrote it ffs.
Yeah good speech by Cummings
We will meet again...well it made me nearly cry!
Just threw up
If it was not for the Queen we would all be dead
Not shrill overreaction then? Surprised you identified with it...
Must have taken her PR team ages to come up with that.. She's wrong anyway. This country - by which she must mean England cos the UK is not a country - has little self discipline now & lost its sense of humour & fellow feeling on the 23rd June 2016.
Never watched it but from your tweet Robert I'm assuming she is giving up a lot of her personal wealth to help at this time of national crisis?I'm assuming she's also allowing the NHS to use some of her huge palaces?Or is that just for footballers?Great stuff
Out of touch privileged and disgraceful person
She is in a bubble
Give her a break .. she's 94 .. and she will have written it .. or some of it at least ..  she's not a push around and was in the war and did her bit like her kids and grandkids have m...
It’s ok - she doesn’t get mushy over you either.
Forced hogwash.  She has no empathy and she is incapable of faking it.
She did well to remind us of her 1940 speech to the evacuated children. Made me reflect that sitting in my house with food, tv, internet is nothing like the Blitz. We can do this.
I missed it, did she pledge any of her vast wealth to help?
So nice that she’s putting her hand in her pocket to pay for PPE for #nhs & caseworkers etc.  And giving up living in the palaces so they can be turned into hospitals & emergency housing for nhs staff us fabulous! God save the queen.
Aye, it’s like she’s never been on the piss in Newcastle on a Friday night.
The speech was so carefully crafted. Every sentence,  another gem. She is wonderful. 94 this month ...
She  reads to get out more.Looting, violence,bad temper in shops.The war had all that too,do not romanticise it
How would she know?
Didnt hear her offer to give up her wealth or even properties to help hospices which seems to be your thing today Robert , take it your demand she does is still in your drafts and youve just not had a chance to hit send yet chief or.....?
Wow! I am about to like one of your tweets!  She was brilliant and time to put political differences aside and all work together.  Time for you to show some ‘fellow feeling’ to those charged with doing their best to save lives? A critical friend with emphasis on friend?
Hmm, maybe @Peston you might like to think about taking up the yourself.
You’re going to pieces obviously.
Mushy?
It's a shame our febrile media dont demonstrate any of those qualities
So many boots and only 24 hours in the day eh?
Ma plums
Is that like the steely resolve of her son Prince Charles to see out his isolation in situ according to government advice by travelling hundreds of miles to a community where he does not live? That's resolve that is. Royal resolve to do exactly what the f*#*k they like regardless.
The monarchy stands for nothing now. Privileged and at the head of an outmoded class system. Meaningless twaddle
@10DowningStreet RoyalFamily @cwwriters Lets dump the euro lotteryAnd1. Have a lottery for the @NHS2. A lottery for the United Kingdom Of Great Britain And The @commonwealthsec
It's meaningless bollocks.
they all buy the pish when the dust settles they will still be carted around in their giant prams while the poor  struggle to get buy on a govt who will screw us all
Seriously, take a step back and have a strong rethink.
You bloody journalists need to take note . Theirs no I in TEAM
and the contribution that she will be making to the NHS as one of the richest people on the planet.....oh wait
People were attacking each other for toilet rolls .
Shows how out of touch she is tbh. Half the country hate the other half and that’s not changing anytime soon.
I am never mushy about the royal benefit cheats ...hoped she might say...and I am giving the millions I take from the public purse back for the next ten years...but hey..she didnt..
UKanian exceptionalism venerated by sycophantic journalist. What country does not have that fantasy about itself?
Robert for phucks sake get a grip man!
That’s because you are a privileged elitist white man. What characterises a lot of British people is a dislike of foreigners, unresolved anger and constantly looking  back to the ‘glory days’. Good to see that like the Queen you have a sound sense of living beyond privilege.
Wake up Robert, you are going soft.
Of course. It is bullshit. Hearing from a posh voice doesn’t make any less so.
Lovely words. If only it were true...
Errrr?People fighting over pasta and stockpiling loo roll?This "quiet resilience" nonsense is just a comforting - and demonstrably false - national myth.Stop it.
What country Robert?
Her own son literally flew to another country when he has symptoms.Her PM said he was shaking everyone's hands even those with Covid in a hospital.
Grow up
James May is right, the queen is a German parasite
Pish!
When’s that sex pest being handed over to the FBI?
We all know this was her last significant moment.
Say what you want about the French but at least they knew how to handle those leeches. Choppy choppy.
Brits are weird
Why are you not demanding she gives up some of her riches to help the cause, same as you were doing earlier about footballers...
Sycophant.
#abolishmonarchy if you had any sense you’d agree.
Is she an "inmate"?
Christ Robert, you really want to get out more.
Off yer knees man,  grovelling is NOT a good look.
I dont think she would include you in that definition! All you’re capable if is sniping away!
Whereabouts can you see that? Not in the blustering, guffawing, no social distancing, NHS cutting, untrustworthy members of the Tory Cabinet.  Not among the xenophobic anti-migrant ranters that sent the nurses and doctors heading back home. But good she made you & others 'mushy'.
You feeling hot about hitting on the Queen pestle?
Yes and we have to remember that the crazies on Twitter who spew their bile and nastiness are in fact a tiny minority and that most British people are fundamentally decent. The Queen was speaking to that Britain. Let’s hope it shames others into decent behaviour.
Brexiters aren’t like that.
What on earth does she know of any of those things? What she has seen on the telly? Bloody hell, if that’s all we need I plan a full restructuring of the country based on tipping point, tenable and the chase!#bradleywalshforpm
Has she put her hand in her pocket? Any mention of Charles infecting a village?
Yeah... except they do not, any more. We replaced them with whining self-pity and being beastly to foreigners.
Monumental bellend.
My arse
So when are you coming out of your bunker and back to the studio?
What sex pest?
Her son is a nonce. This was her attitude to it. Probably not a good thing. Oh and car crashes.
As you jumped on the bandwagon about footballers and money, why not ask why the Queen has not given a donation?
Yeah,  her family is the epitome of self discipline.
She's trolling us.
Rich woman empathy syndrome
Hey Pesto, You know how to get your paycheck youngman. Have you thought about donating 30% of your massive salary to the NHS workers who are dying without any PPE .@BorisJohnson .@CraigMurrayOrg .@caitoz .@WayneRooney .@GaryLineker
Did she fuk? Though stopped watching it and could've well mentioned Harry and Megan?? Or maybe Prince Andrew??
For over a 1000 years while wallowing in our own sh!te outside the castle walls those inside throw a few scraps over the ramparts and we still thank them for it.Same as it ever was.
"the attributes of self discipline"Did Prince Andrew miss that seminar? he was probably on Pedo Island with his best mate.
It’s the same in every other country, we’re not any exception. Do not delude yourself.
#Tool
Off your knees!
I'm sure you do pal
England is a country, Scotland is as well the uk isn’t.
Hyperbolic drivel.
What on earth do you know about the Blitz? And she was protected too. This obsession with the war makes you all sound irrational
Get a grip
She clearly never got out much.
I'm amazed that you still believe this drivel.
In your head aye . In everyone else’s ? Nope .
The Queen should practice what she preaches caise her beard is starting to look a bit scraggly
All bollocks! But if it makes you feel good....
This is the 21st century Robert, Liz Windsor and her ilk are an irrelevance and we should scrap the House of Lords, a shameful institution in a modern democracy #off with head #QueensSpeech #
She was lying. They used to be attributes. Not  any more unfortunately.
Delusion claptrap, UK has no more and no less 'resolve and fellow feeling' than any other country.
Her son is a nonce! Nothing more should be said
Why can’t Britain approach any problem without framing it as ‘we are special’? Other countries were applauding key workers weeks earlier and do it every single night. Can’t you just say nice things without this instinctive claim of superiority?
Oh eff orf
Ha ha Haha ha you nasty sycophantic nonentity
Yet she accepts being lied to with the country on its knees with nhs crying and dying with no testing and ppe and old people asked to sign DNR.  Not sure she has any place in today's world if she's does a prep talk and does nothing.
Do you never get sick of the taste of boot?
That'll be the self discipline shown by her son, who waltzes off to Scotland with his entourage, bringing #COVID19 to a small rural community.#StayHomeSaveLives message only applying to others obvs and no scrutiny of this by journalists, simply more sycophancy toward monarchy
How can a journalist live in such a Murdoch bubble?To misquote Morrissey:-“Because the news that they constantly spewIt says nothing to me about my life”
The Queen needs to put her money where her mouth is
He should follow the example of the scottish health ministet and resign!
She's not gonna shag you Preston
Hope you are badgering her for a pay cut? Or is it just PL footballers?
#Lickspittle
Oh, bore off.
Is that why the shops were stripped clean?
only just....
Mindless and meaningless waffle. DrivelWhat characterises UK is ignorance, selfishness and small-mindednessThis country has been caught with it's pants down & has no clue what to do
Maybe. Does not really characterise the people in government does it? Self-discipline and Johnson? Fellow feeling and Patel/IDS? "Fuck business", "if pensioners have to die, too bad", CCHQ's fact checker? Hate crimes up since 2016. Then there's their army of talking heads...
"We will meet again" says a woman who rarely comes within 20 yards oif one of the great unwashed, and uses a protocol that she is not to be touched
Not much ‘fellow feeling’ in evidence when emptying the supermarket shelves. Maybe a bit more NHS love in the past would have prevented its decimation? I don’t recognise the Britain she’s taking about.
Which Palace was she in when she delivered this message? Was she wearing one of her hats covered in jewels?
Apart from the nobs ignoring all the warnings.
Much of the ‘fellow feeling’ has been lost irretrievably because of the Brexit fiasco. Will I ever trust Tory gov? Difficult. I’ve also lost respect for the mindlessness of UK electorate who voted for them.
What a hypocrite
You never know when a knighthood for services rendered could be in the offing .
I cant get tearful from a privileged family who cant do anything for them selves while they patronize us pleps. Let her tribe live in a tower block and cant even go for a stroll in the park without being classed as a pariah.  Get real Robert please.
Apparently not to the point where our Government can discipline itself to stop telling lies or resolve (in good temper or otherwise) to protect front line staff.Get to hell, Peston, with your romantic twaddle and conspicuous lack of forensic examination of those in power!
What someone else wrote.  That said, the importance of who delivers a line is highlighted
She’s good at reading stuff aloud.Other than that, this is pure bollocks. Right out of the „Keep Calm and Carry On“ wartime propaganda playbook with no foundation in reality.
That stuff died in June 2016 when the UK was ripped in two by a fraudulent Ref. Instead of the "Blitz spirit" (a propaganda stunt btw) we now have people fighting over loo rolls in Aldi. Let's stop all this nationalistic crap and join hands with other nations as human beings.
Oh please. How can she know the minds and actions of the country? The only people she meets are those who work for her, those who bow and scrape at public events and politicians.
flag waving like its war, but who against? The whole world is fighting it, and obviously science will win when a vaccine arrives, its not Vera Lynn we need but scientists
Yeah? Tell that to all the hedge fund managers and other people who are making huge amounts of money out of this. We are not all sharing that "fellow feeling".
give me a palace, put me on TV and I might say some nice shit too.
Didn’t we rape like billions of people over the past 500 years. She didn’t talk much about our rapes per minute going down .... or up :o
Oh grow a pair Robert she does not give a toss about you jesus
ROBERT I'M SURE SHE THINKS HIGHLY OF YOU?
Which country?
But not so much characteristics of her two eldest sons, apparently? Self discipline - Andy Pandy (underage girls) and Bonnie Prince Chuck (take virus to Balmoral)? So hypocritical is almost surreal!!
So carefully crafted by other people.
Yes, she is.... a bubble of which you know nothing of... she's effectively been in 'lockdown' her whole life. Told where and when to go by politicians. Every part of her life scrutinised and pulled apart by the media and the public. What you're going through is nothing...
I think you're first sentence is a lie.
Has she put her hand in her pocket?
Regardless of the truth
Grow a pair
Like we have a choice. What nationalistic claptrap
We really really really fear and loathe arrogant, ignorant, loud and violent British invaders in Spain (i.e. a majority of Brits). Quiet good humored resolve and fellow feeling is what characterize *us* Spaniards, plus patience not to kick out all Brits from our civilized lands.
She obviously was not in a Supermarket a few weeks back when people were stripping shelves bare like a plague of locusts.
Fcukoff! Fetch the sick bucket ffs!
Looking for a knighthood Bob?
Self-discipline, after seeing people fighting in supermarkets for toilet paper? After seeing people flouting lockdown regulations, putting thousands at risk of death?Not going to suggest 30% of her wealth should be donated?Spare me the bollocks, Peston.
Hope you took that on board and change your constant criticism and point scoring!
Well uphold those values yourself Robert and get behind the National effort to defeat the virus rather than sowing fear and peddling misinformation. That would be a great start to your rehab.
Except they do not really.
Laughable, British exceptionalism, doing us damage now for more than a hundred years!
Herd atttibutes you mean?
Where is the self-discipline from our leaders?
Bollocks.
Are their any 'leaders' that just go "meh we have normal average human attributes here"
Peston. Still,  always and always will be a twunt.
*Nicholas Witchell reads this tweet*Checks avatar, the same way Catherine of Aragon looked at Anne Boleyn.
People were scrapping over bog roll a fortnight ago
Despite your vitriol, personal grievances, ideology & cynicism - yes, it does.
What absolute twaddle
Love it all you want. Doesnt make it true. We live in a topsy turvy country of hate, where the ppl who have lots of stuff do not want the ppl who have nothing to have any of the things that they have cos 'it would not be fair'. That's what characterises the UK, not HM's script.
First decent words to come out of your mouth ever
Yes, completely agree. Largely from England, Wales and Scotland do not do it.
She is a rich old woman who inherited wealth and privilege...jesus...lol...got to laugh at the english..
What a load of rubbish! She did not stay home and keep our nhs safe ! Went off to one of her second homes!! All with all billionaires! As long as they are safe though hey!!
80 yrs ago, a clueless 14yr old made a patronising speech to terrified evacuee children from her place of luxury & safety.80 yrs on she makes a clueless, patronising speech from a place of luxury & safety, her holiday palace."Do as I say, not as I do" and the royal "we" at play
I'd be more inclined to 'mushiness' if she had offered to use some of her vast fortune or numerous properties to help out, rather than mouthing platitudes whilst NHS staff are dying.
We don’t care what you like or think.I know you struggle to understand this but we all have our own minds.
'We're all in this together' she said just before she shut down Bucks House and escaped to the relative safety of Windsor castle!Very generous with her words, but has this billionaire given 1p towards the purchase of PPE?
Never seen it. Let me guess. Patronising pish by any chance?
We, the inmates of the queen’s realm, salute you @Peston for your tirelessness in the service of drivel.
Laughable.
But she is offering none of her millions from the offshore accounts?
Robert, darlin' away in and stop embarrassing yourself.
It’s very good for moral to have a national symbol to unite the country but she should do more in practical terms. They are very wealthy , Why and how have they accumulated all this wealth? Give something back to the country.
They do not characterise the country outside the covers of a Ladybird book.Look at the whitewashing of British social history, even the history of 3 weeks ago, and what obviously characterises the country is denialism, exceptionalism and hypocrisy.
She's obviously not on Twitter...
Fellow feeling?She has a collection of palaces!If she had any fellow feeling she would move her entire family into one of them and hand over the rest to be used as hospitals or housing fir the homeless.Fellow feeling my arse
Bollocks
This is along the same lines as her speech in parliament on austerity.Woman in multi-million pound hat says we all have to tighten our belts!What is she actually doing?Nothing!She is loaded and she is doing nothing
Which country is she referring to?There are 4 in the UK, not one.
Lol, the comments below !!!
Are you after a knighthood Sir Preston?
Oh please. Enough already.
If she mumbled and hesitated like Preston she'd have been on for 20 minutes not 5.
Why? It’s more English exceptionalism and it’s wildly incorrect. We ran out of toilet paper in three days due to noisy and bad tempered hysteria.
You mean before ‘populist’ racists were given an easy ride by most of the media?
How much is she donating to the NHS?
Did I miss the bit where she mentioned all the money she was pumping back into the country?
Bharat to 1947 me azaad ho gaya..but britan abhi bhi guulam hai raani ka
She has nothing I want to hear, unless it is that she is hanging up her hat and moving her family out of her house!
More than ever the relevance and morality of having a “Royal” family is in question. It’s obscene. Her family are morons at best , who certainly don’t lead , far less  by example. Time to let them slide off into obscurity.Tourists will still come to see the castles
Yeah, all the panic buying and refusal to abide by simple rules proves her to be so right. FFS our media is shit.
Absolute sentimental bollocks
How very ignorant!  The Monarchy brings millions in the UK very year.